COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-01-23 21:49:48, SCORE: 3
BODY: i wonder if i could rig one of those paint shaker machines at Home Depot to make PST?

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-02 13:23:42, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 25
TITLE: Poppies everywhere, POST BODY: i got into opium and started growing it, drinking, smoking it etc.  jolly good fun but watch out for the dragon!  seriously...you gotta watch this stuff.  but what amazes me is once you know what the poppies look like flowering or when the petals fall off leaving the poppy pod you start to notice it in decorations everywhere.  i just got back from a friend's house and in their bathroom the hand towels have a generic flower print with poppies.  the cheesy victorian style mug at work is adorned with poppies.  poppies everywhere man.  its crazy., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2ujpz9/poppies_everywhere/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-04 19:45:17, # COMMENTS: 3, SCORE: 24
TITLE: a day in the life, POST BODY: by lunch i can feel the longing.  food is mechanically processed because i know i need the nutrition but its like cramming salty ash into my mouth.  my after lunch coffee almost helps revive me but the dull, throbbing pains of reality begin to grind my bones with pain like ice and metal.  the last hour at work is the worst.  but suddenly i am in my car.  i fix myself up and drive home.  by the time i reach the upper road i can feel it.  warm honey creeping over frozen bones.  i smile as music becomes hypnotic and colorful.  by the time i exit to my town i am almost normal.  it feels like love has burst through the ceiling of this dark cave and sunlight pours over me.

at home i keep going.  more.  food tastes good.  talking to people feels great.  and i keep going because tomorrow is Thursday and i have to go to work again.  i keep going because i am alive.  i keep going because i know like all cycles this one shall end one way or another., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2utnjn/a_day_in_the_life/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-05 18:42:08, # COMMENTS: 34, SCORE: 43
TITLE: the wait, POST BODY: he never showed up.

dont you hate waiting in a public place?  standing there like a fool and it feels like your desire is written all over your searching face?  the looks from people walking by are over analyzed.  do they wonder why you stand there?  you pray none of your "respectable" friends walk by...you phone again, you leave VMs and text.  nothing changes so you leave empty and bitter.  now the hunger begins to gnaw at you like some annoyed animal.

2.5 pills left.  winter seems so cold walking back to the car.  you take one, change your mind and take them all.  that lovely chalky taste as you bite down.  your tongue rolls over your teeth feeling it, spreading it and embracing it.  check your phone.  again.  look back to the spot.  just people.  happy people with happy lives.  not your people thats for damn sure.

he never showed up.

but you dont care anymore.  the warmth spreads over you.  

the world is gentle again., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2uxl2f/the_wait/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-05 23:11:26, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 26
TITLE: buzz therapy, POST BODY: sorry for my therapy brothers and sisters of the poppy.  words come out and i live a double life where i would never say this out loud.

my brother is a junkie like me.  it runs on our side of the family.  like a broken bird he comes and goes into our lives.  we take him in because as users we secretly acknowledge this might be the last time we will see him.  this is from a cigarette he and i shared outside mom's house.  i don't smoke anymore but i would do anything to be close to my brother again for a brief moment.  time passes and left us apart and changed.  he told me of his visit to CA to see our uncle.  i am younger and had a father but for my brother his notion of Dad is uncle ivan.    

you helped me ride a bike.  you held on and and jogged beside me as i pedaled blindly trusting you.   and then i flew just like you said would.  i became alive on your cul-de-sac as my cousins cheered...then i looked back and you had let go and i crashed to earth.  but the happiness was real.  you accepted me as your own though your brother was long gone down the junkie path.  i knew you hated mom but you always gave us your attention, time and love.  your winks and smiles got me through the worst.

now like a cockroach in the cupboard i calculate their movements in the kitchen.  i know you will never walk again.  the drunk driver took away your sturdy legs uncle.  but when you cough, they fret and run to you.  i dip into the basket of your pills by the refrigerator.  the same refrigerator we ate raided for peanutbutter sandwiches and soda.  so many of us come back for you were a giant uncle.  its not just the respect you deserve but we hope to see you smile and wink again and to tell us its Ok like the million other times you soothed our fears...
 
no one will notice a few pills gone.  no will notice my visits coincide roughly with Dilaudid refill dates.  

my brother was sorry as he tossed the cigarette into the night.  but his faraway stare had pinhole pupils.  the glow of his habit made him human again for a moment.  i feel for him.  i wonder if i would do the same?    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2uyf4g/buzz_therapy/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-07 00:31:11, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 106
TITLE: home again home again jiggety jig, POST BODY: i was clean again.  though i took allergy pills to sleep and drank too much i was clean.  though i endured the laughter of my friends who thought i wouldn't smoke pot because i was a prude i was clean.  i was getting good at it i think.  then i hurt my knee snowboarding and got surgery.  

and you came back to me old friend.

on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the pain?  oh maybe a 6 well 7 at night doc.  cant sleep much...hey is it ok to jog?  i love exercise - no?  bad idea?  physical therapy?  ok.  

2 days later when the bottle was empty and way before the next refill date - You know doc these pills dont work.  should i take more?  i remember as a kid when i broke my arm i got something else...hey thanks for the new prescription doc.  how many refills...?

and it wasnt long before i talked to the barista at Charlie's where i get my morning coffee.  i overheard her on her phone one day as i pretended to study the menu say No more of the 5's!  Got any 7.5 or 10s?  so the next day i brought some of my hydros and let her watch me take 2 pills out, chew them up and swallow.  i looked at her and winked.  she came over with a smile.  

i made her my dealer because she knew people and i had money.  there was both awkward friendship and sex but it was you my friend that bound us together. 

when her connection soured we were heavy into oxy.  she came back with with some shitty h.  it was cheap she said.  i was cold and anxious and it was Tuesday.  why not?

soon she lost her job.  i did too but i got unemployment.  neither of us looked good but neither of us cared because we barely went outside.  our dealer delivered and we had internet.  in my pattern of substance abuse it is when i stop going outside that bad things happen.  

and it did.  it was in May when she left.  she had pinched my bag and it was beyond obvious so i had to say something.  she kicked over the Christmas tree i kept meaning to throw away and walked out during a storm without closing the door.  i saw her 2 months later at her funeral.  

hey remember how we made it ok?  like if we snort we will be ok?  lets promise never to do it again in the arm ok?  ok?  promise me?  though we both promised this time it was my leg so...   

i woke up at Burger King.  i held a whopper about eye level and my hand was shaking.  people were staring but only children dared to speak - Mommy why is that man crying?  was i really crying?  i had no idea where my phone was or my keys when they escorted me out.  it was night and the funeral happened in the morning so the hours that blurred away must have been spent with you old friend.  
so i walked on down the road.  that old familiar road., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2v2ju0/home_again_home_again_jiggety_jig/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-08 00:40:20, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 28
TITLE: opposites attract, POST BODY: historically my soul seeks wonderful women.  the settling kind.  marriage material.  i have no idea why but they look at me and i look back....the universe clicks.  they open themselves to me and i drink in their essence and passion.  and then i ruin them slowly like the gradual erosion of a mountainside - gradual for love is a powerful force and they never give up easy. 

my perfect women always believe Love will get us through anything.  it is a wonderful sentiment and i thoroughly enjoy being a part of it.  it allows me to borrow money and miss dinners with their parents where they have propped me up as a larger than life awesome guy...He's so smart and so kind and funny (andCOUGH a full blown selfish junkie motherfucker)!  but when i feel this love they desperately cling to i can see how one day I might be able turn away from addiction...maybe.

maybe.  for love is so many things like her shoes in my closet that tells me she is home and still in my life.  but love can also be purified and filtered down into a substance that sings in my veins.  

i love the warmth of the poppy.  maybe the dragon and i have a little farther to go.  i cannot live without people but i am not exactly a good person as my hunger controls me.  i just hope i do not hurt anymore good souls.  when they get close i burn them.  i can blame my youth for a few broken hearts but now i know better.    

and yet as i sit here with my brain floating 2 meters above my body I realize so little has changed..., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2v677e/opposites_attract/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-08 14:27:30, # COMMENTS: 17, SCORE: 26
TITLE: people i know, POST BODY: i know chandra who is my bitch saint.  i pretend to like her fucking yappy dog.  i pretend to care about her love of baseball.  but i hate sports and i hate her vicious little nipping dog.  but i hate her prices the most.  chandra's selection is broad.  she knows i am not a benzo or upper man and has laser focused on my love of hydromorphone and smiles like a snake as she displays her wares.  now comes the story of why the price has increased with a slight apologetic nod due to who-the-fuck-knows-what.  but chandra is safe which is huge.  

i know luis who is crazy.  a young psycho from across the bay where if you stand on a street named after a civil rights hero or a US president you are in the wrong fucking part of town.  the first time i met luis he jumped into my car, put a gun on his lap and lit a cigarette.  coke, x or h man?-he said.  i like the nod.  but i dont like luis.  he has this scar near his collar bone that looks like a bullet wound.  luis is honest in pricing and punctual but his vibe gives off the feeling bad things are waiting to happen.  

and i know omar who is the worst.  super paranoid dealer of pills that lives near the bridge who notices everything.  he brings your other life into the conversation as you buy pills keeping you on the edge.  shit like Dude it smells like gardenias in here.  Patricia wearing a new scent?  Patricia?  how does he know the name of my girlfriend?  Tip: never leave your mail out when buying from omar., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2v82cx/people_i_know/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-08 18:19:35, # COMMENTS: 6, SCORE: 16
TITLE: night and day, POST BODY: do you have to walk between 2 worlds?  i do.  i have this mask i wear at work and though my body often aches and shivers i act serious about sales, talk loudly about sports and pretend to care.  i am an efficient manager and loyal to the boss all while keeping a eye on the clock.  for inside my car is salvation.  actually 2 pills of salvation that i chew up as i drive away.

i decline all day bliss as this will drag me down and man i need to keep going.  i need to keep on this mask during daylight.  i need to help at fundraisers and care about elections and my community.  these people keep me grounded and the poppy a little farther away which i believe is a good thing considering my past sins.

but when the night comes i give myself wholly to the flower.  as it blossoms within me i sigh and the pain of living in this world goes far away.  during the day i think of my coworker who is taking real estate classes and building 2 houses in his spare time.  i think there is no way an opiate addict could do that.  i am jealous during the day.  but at night who fucking cares?  

the evening sky looks like electrified velvet filling up slowly with swirling stars that vibrate and shimmer.  as peace comes to me the clocks become my enemy.  i do not look at them anymore and mutter Time will be time - as i fight off the nod and enjoy the bliss for as long as possible...closing my eyes at this point brings waves of euphoria through my bones and i forget i about bills, my bum knee and my daily trials i navigate to get to this point...Ahh you are so good to me.  

then i curse as the alarm rings.  i can feel the pain of the living again.  i put on the mask and my first thought as i swing myself out of bed is i cannot wait until nightfall...., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2v8v2u/night_and_day/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-09 12:03:06, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 28
TITLE: poor ed, POST BODY: my friend is like me in that he is mildly open but since we both have our lives not too open about this lovely life we enjoy.  this weekend we celebrated a job promotion as he will join the ranks of managers.  he knew he would be tested and tapered and got 5 solid days behind him.  he told me he felt like shit at his party but he grinned for our friends.  the way he stared at me i knew he knew i was high.  i couldn't stand a social gathering without a little taste...

so i get a text this AM from ed.  it says  'A little Mexican man shaved my leg...'

a quick google on hair tests and this is so fckd.  they used to piss test but hair?  man ed is gonna fall hard and have long conversations with people because how can you talk your way out of this?, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2vbl5x/poor_ed/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-10 13:20:48, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 12
TITLE: comet effect + no sleep = ugh, POST BODY: my poor body has been having a great time with my brain yet we have all forgotten the healthy benefits of a good nights sleep.    

its like a comet effect.  get good shit.  WHEEE!  WHeee!  Weee!  weewhutZzzz

with any luck i will escape this foul place of employment and catch a nap before a buzz.  yeah right?  crazy i know but i think if i sleep the buzz will Buzzzz better.

usually works this way.  or i keep going until i collapse into a pile of cranky goo.  thats always fun., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2vg4m1/comet_effect_no_sleep_ugh/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-10 23:57:13, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 29
TITLE: ahh memories, POST BODY: i had a taste of jail when i was 19.  i was high and have only blurred memories but i remember thinking if i have to stay here overnight i will die as the WDs kicked in.  that thought makes me more cautious than most. 

this RTD bus line (rough tough and dangerous) in LA bus is unpleasant.  so why i am here?  why am i drinking jaegarmeister and robutussin?  because sheila - my junkie guide - said it helps.  it doesn't help.  so cold.  snot drips from my nose.  jacob never showed up with my stamp.  the $15 is crumpled in my jeans next to a roach of mexican weed and half a cigarette.

this is the early 90's before cellphones were common.  i needed 2 quarters to call jacob and had none.  yet i notice every fucking payphone on the boulevard as the bus crawls along its route.  

i dont know what to do but sip the liquor and gag.  a skinny snot nosed gutter punk kid getting fucked up at 10am on a paper bag of booze.  i can't get off the bus because i'm too wasted.  i think i passed out.

after the nice policeman signs the hospital release i'm a ward of the state.  means you are going to jail boy.  a concrete room with non-junkie creatures is no place for anyone craving the poppy.  caged insanity looms because i feel the WDs.  no one cares.  tears come but i kill them before any weakness is noticed.  The clawing horde of icy demons begins to gnaw at my spine as i twitch and shake.  

a black guy flips out and chokes an old man.  cops empty the cage.  i sign some papers and leave with a shoplifter who hates us all and crippled homeless guy.  i get my $15 back but no roach or cigarette.  i call sheila and she picks me up in her dad's car.  fuck - is all she says.  i agree and climb in.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2viclt/ahh_memories/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-11 11:28:43, # COMMENTS: 0, SCORE: 13
TITLE: opiates uber alles! - not a good idea, POST BODY: how often do you get clean?  what triggers this?  

though this curse is so sublime i have to hit the brakes now and then and take the cold sick plunge of WDs.  in my case its either that or doom.  lose everything.  plus bliss feels best when there is little to worry about.

its when i start spending all my time worrying about how to get more bliss that i think it may be time for a taper...well maybe next month as i have too much fun lined up right now....
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2vjzcf/opiates_uber_alles_not_a_good_idea/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-15 12:35:51, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 16
TITLE: Upon waking mud, POST BODY: do you feel like shit when you wake up? 

i wake up every day either irked i slept so long, cranky i didn't get to sleep enough or muddy brained with a vaguely crappy feeling.  the vaguely crappy feeling seems like a tiny sane voice saying Why do you poison yourself every fucking day?  

but then i move around and feel better.  the feeling goes away.  well until afternoon when the hunger sets in...  

i wonder if this waking shite is lingering guilt from my old self - the pre-addicted morbo2000?  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2vzpel/upon_waking_mud/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-15 20:51:19, # COMMENTS: 2, SCORE: 21
TITLE: music messes with you when you're high, POST BODY: sometimes its just fucking weird what music comes on when you are under the bliss so hard it is crushing you until you become a part of the blur.

like when i got out of rehab my ex-girlfriend picked me up.  not my current one who turned me into the cops and "loved" me.  2 minutes into the ride i experienced my first opana rush.  before that i was a codeine/vicodin addict and suddenly opana...holy shit i was high.  the radio starts playing depeche mode as she drives across the bridge.  it was like my demons laughing at me.  it went:
I'm taking a ride with my best friend- I hope he never lets me down again -He knows where he's taking me - Taking me where I want to be...

i think the depeche mode guy was an addict too but jesus the music crept in and the next 2 years were ugly.  and fuck chuck not much has changed.      , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2w1b73/music_messes_with_you_when_youre_high/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-19 21:09:13, # COMMENTS: 43, SCORE: 97
TITLE: dealers that make you hang out, POST BODY: i had put the flower into my veins maybe 4 times in my life before i met jessica in the dorms.  my girlfriend hated her because she was jealous but sex was not why jessica and i clicked.  both of us came from cities and were now shoved into a dormitory with these clean, healthy suburban kids who have never been robbed or cried as a parent gets dragged out of the apartment in handcuffs.  neither of us found getting drunk or stoned a novel experience and looked for higher highs.  

i followed her into the city and she warned me We have to hang out.  i dont like these dealers.  just take the cash and i go.  but i was assured this was pure as fuck so i walked up the stairs to the victorian suite.  the man who opened the door was built like a linebacker but he wore a shimmery blue/silver cocktail dress.  i barely noticed that because he pointed a gun at my face as Tears For Fears blared behind him.  inside people were screaming THERE'S A ROOM WHERE THE LIGHT WON'T FIND YOU! -but he knew jessica and smiled and we went in...

that buff guy in the dress was probably the most normal person inside.  the host Mr. Maru wore a tuxedo and fixed us shots on the house and i dont mean booze.  high as fuck i gave up $200 which was a small fortune to a poor student.  there were a lot of nude people inside.  Mr. Maru looked like an Asian vampire and would push a button on songs he liked and start to sing them aloud karaoke style.  i was gone and this old woman with a hole in her throat pressed a cup in my hand which i drank out of and gagged.

that will WAKE you up child, she smiled as she went back to the kitchen where Mr. Maru was singing Buddy Holly songs.  when the walls started breathing and Aztec hieroglyphics bulged out of the floor i figured someone dosed me.  the lsd and heroin shot were a trip.  a naked woman picked up the bag of dope i dropped and put it back in my jacket as lobsters swam out of the TV.  i couldn't move for hours and was a prisoner to these visions.

later, arm in arm and leaning on each other we staggered back into the dorms.  it was so normal here.  the Red Hot Chili Peppers were blasting to drunken college kids as jessica opened up her umbrella inside and we stared at the elevator panel without comprehension. , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2wiafm/dealers_that_make_you_hang_out/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-21 21:25:40, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 18
TITLE: St. Michael and learning about valium and H, POST BODY: St. Michael is the most responsible person i know.  he actually votes and when he gets his masters in biology i know he will take his anger to the jungles of south america to save the fucking rainforest.

its like his thing.

he doesnt drink or do drugs but is 120% a heavy metal stoner.  he organizes our monthly bills and gets the rent out on time.  he picks up all the drunk roommates downtown without a word of complaint or even demanding gas money.  he is just that kind of guy.  with St. Michael in the house the power has not gone out nor has the internet or cable.  

i love St. Michael.  he save my life when i learned the hard way about valium and heroin.  i shared a house with 5 guys all less than 22 years old.  our bathroom was the foulest thing you have ever seen or smelled.  we are the type of scum that hid toilet paper from each other or used it like jailhouse currency - Tell me who ate my fucking cereal and I will give you toilet paper!  

after my shot i realized those valiums and whiskey were not settling quietly into opiate land.  the black curtain of death was coming and i freaked out.  twitching with a hammering heart i was paralyzed on the floor of the nasty piss stained floor bathroom.  Mitch Kramer the cat stared at me as i tried to puke but had nothing in my stomach.  luckily Mitch Kramer was St. Michael's cat.  my pulse was taken and though i was crushed beneath a ton of heart thumping fear i heard him say You will not die.  I can see you from my room.  Relax dude.

then he played Metallica's Garage Days at an appalling volume.  i fixated on this noise and feebly focused on speed metal.  it matched my heart.  soon roommates came home from the bars.  as kind as any young males are they mocked me.  2 of them pissed over me while i groaned on the floor.  they said things like I'm gonna eat your waffles bitch!  or See? This is proves my theory about what the queers are doing to the soil! 

as the sun rose Mitch Kramer came in and sniffed me.  i had just enough strength to drag myself back into my room and pass out.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2wq52b/st_michael_and_learning_about_valium_and_h/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-22 22:05:10, # COMMENTS: 13, SCORE: 41
TITLE: panacea, POST BODY: i had reached the zenith of abuse when i broke down in the men's bathroom of the St. James Infirmary.  dealer never showed, the WD was like giant ice hands gripping my spine while shaking me.  each step in this filthy beer house echoed in my skull.  i puked beer into the stained toilet, wiped my runny nose and said Fuck this.  

the walk home was a painful blur down the El Camino.  inside i prepared to WD.  the puke bucket, jug of water, blankets and remote for TV.  as it intensified i saw hell which is normal when you shoot up 3-5 times a day and personally know heaven.

during the visions of the Incan rain god laughed as i puked bile and turned a pale purple corpse gray.  then Mary came home.  she looked at me knew what i was up to.  without a word she sat down next to me and fixed a shot.  "Sal was looking for you babe.  Why'd you leave?"

i hated her.  but my eyes stared at her hands expertly prepping a fat shot of bliss that would embrace me back to heaven.  Mary talked about how she was up $350 on meth sales because the fools at the bar thought they were buying coke.  then she pulled back the blanket and sunk the needle into my arm.  i barely use my arm as i pretend i am not a junkie.  this was the sweeeeeet spot....

after a serious nod i showered and went with her to mcdonald's to eat and watch her sell a big bag of meth to her mexican connect Ricki the gardener.  she casually did a bump off her wrist while deciding what to eat and took off her sunglasses before she reached the cashier and ordered food.  she transformed into a 20something young and healthy brunette.  maybe a student or young office worker.  the cashier was smitten.  

at the table she smiled and said What was last night about babe?  

i am done, i said though i was fortified by opiate numbness to my core.  

Mary smiled like a lazy snake and slid over bag.  it hid beneath my sausage mcmuffin wrapper.  present babe from Ricki.  lets split it in the bathroom.  you prep the shots and i'll suck your cock.

i stared at my girlfriend.  she was the devil.  i would never come and she had no intention of finishing me.  but we would shoot that fucking bag.  i would drive us home.  we would watch TV until we passed out arm in arm.  i always think we would be perfect in the coffin like this.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2wu40l/panacea/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-23 21:34:28, # COMMENTS: 21, SCORE: 54
TITLE: nice dealer memory, POST BODY: i wonder what happened to carla?

every now and then you meet a kind dealer.  someone who ignores the predatory aspects of heroin abuse because they are decent and human.  carla was the least obvious dealer i ever met.  claims she was doing it for her boyfriend who was forklift operator on the Oakland docks.  

though she had no holes in her skin, carla used.  a part time paralegal and no stranger to smoking and snorting she kept her use light hearted.  she had to because of jen and jess her daughters.  jen was maybe 9 and the most responsible one in the house.  she reminded carla of important dates she had marked out on a disney calendar or meal planned for her and her sister.  

to get into carla place was hard.  i knew her boyfriend from rehab and they had me over to eat a few times before H was sold.  i only met 2 other clients of hers - both white collar professionals like myself.

you could sample in their condo but you took it in the bathroom and were expected to hold normal conversation afterwards because her kids would definitely ask you something like Do you have a girlfriend?  Do you like pizza?  at first this was weird but after awhile i grew entranced by these tiny pure souls who did not judge me.  i brought over my old playstation2 and all the games for them.  this earned me a fat bag from carla.  

they had 30+ games but would usually play GTA Vice City.  but not in the cool violent way.  they would steal a car, turn on the radio and park.  then they would draw or play dolls or legos while listening to the weird 80's music.  as a child of the 80's and high as fuck on horse i found this incredibly amusing.

the number dried up one weekend.  i let it go for a week.  i went by their place, knocked, no one answered.  

i wonder what happened to carla?      , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2wy83l/nice_dealer_memory/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-27 00:17:02, # COMMENTS: 7, SCORE: 17
TITLE: some things never change, POST BODY: zuniga should have been a jock.  he was always getting into fights, he had natural athleticism from skating everywhere and a quick temper.  but he went goth which was weird for people he fought as it was embarrassing getting beaten down by a guy dressed like robert smith.  but zuniga was a junkie and so we got along.

not that we didn't resist.  we were young enough to know better and have hope for the future.  we kicked in the FUCKING DORMS and i learned about the aches, puking, shitting and fever hallucinations.  zuniga stayed insanely drunk for 3 days and called me a pussy and would wrestle me to get me to stop twitching around and moaning.  he was a complete asshole but we kicked.  for awhile.

when jessica came into my life with her prescriptions and talent for getting more prescriptions (some legit spine problems but mostly BS) we started back on the road.  first it was college fun like her Pixie Poppers-mix codeine cough syrup with tequila, add sprite, slam and gulp.  then we found an opium connect and would pop like 30mg of jess's hydros and smoke the dragon to give those pills some serious legs...but soon enough the smack was back.

i have no idea why we weren't thrown out.  jessica walked around inside with a open umbrella and would nod out in the cafeteria.  zuniga and i would carry her back to her room.  her poor roommate was a shy japanese exchange student who thought we were devil worshippers because jessica told her we were devil worshippers.  i would explain blood dripping down my arm as a biology experiment to attract mosquitoes.  when our room was searched because of the breakfast bong hits and all the needles and spoons were out in the open- zuniga claimed he was pre-med.

and i cant believe we graduated.  as far as i know we all still live.  though sworn to secrecy and honor bound to protect those we love i will say it did get even weirder...one of them used to lurk these very halls and may still do so these days while the other one is quite busy right now as the IRS gets a little slammed in the spring.  

and life goes on...., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2xbrr4/some_things_never_change/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-02-28 20:02:00, # COMMENTS: 17, SCORE: 48
TITLE: my brother Carl, POST BODY: some wiseass left a motley crue CD on repeat and the drums sounded muffled and far away...i realized i was under the couch cushions again.  i hated sunlight and would burrow into the couch when i was nodding out as the sun came up.  but the thumping grew louder.  soon the walls were shaking.  oh its the door.  

i was raised by people who answered doors and telephones so i got up and opened it.

"Whats up bro?", said Carl looking over my shoulder into my apartment.  "Jesus you like shit."

the noise woke up my roommate Kyle and my girlfriend who squinted like moles in the intrusive sunlight.  

Kyle said "Who the fuck are you man?!"

without a word Carl walked in, whipped off his shirt and punched Kyle.  my girlfriend screamed and I shut the door because it was a workday and the neighbors already hated us.  Kyle collapsed but started to scramble to get up.

"Stay down!",  i warned him.  "Its ok!  Its just my brother Carl."

"What the fuck?!",  yelled Kyle holding his bleeding nose.

"Jesus Christ look at you fucking degenerate junkie shit for brain motherfuckers!", said Carl.  Carl worked construction, surfed and only drank beer.  his tan muscular build made us look like pale freaky aliens.  "Alright, let go.  Mom's birthday."

for the past 3 years this was a normal occurrence.  i would forget about mom's birthday and Carl would hunt me down.

"Fuck you!", screamed my girlfriend.  the look on Carl's face meant he was about to say something rude, sexist and condescending so I slid myself between them.  

"I'm not going!", I yelled, "Dwayne never goes!" 

Dwayne was our older step brother.  he was where I learned about pills and H.  Dwayne had crossed many lines with many relatives and i think i was the only one who still talked to him.

"Fuck Dwayne!  He's probably dead in a fucking ditch.  You're mom's precious little baby boy so lets go!  Now fuckface!"

I glared at Carl even though I knew what was next.  hell, anyone who grew up with brothers probably knows too.  Carl grabbed my throat and slammed me into a wall.

"Look how fucking weak and scrawny you are!  Do I really have to beat your ass in front of your woman?", laughed Carl.

Fucking Carl.  when we were kids mom made Carl in charge because mom liked pills and Carl was my older brother.  nothings changed.

"Alright alright!", I said.  "Let me go to the bathroom first..."

"Leave the door open junkie", warned Carl as he put his shirt back on, "Because if you do what I think you are going to do I will break your fucking arm.  Do you doubt me?"

i hate my brother.  but the party wasn't bad because i took some of mom's oxy.  she gets the good shit and i dont care what anyone says a fistful of pure oxy is as good as heroin if you snort half of it.  Carl bought mom a flat screen TV which was a big deal back then in the 90's.  he even signed my name on the card which was cool.  we ate Mexican food, Carl's girlfriend made a chocolate cake which tasted amazing.  

as the years slipped by Carl always keeps an eye on me.  even though i grew my disguise and slip amongst the populace unnoticed Carl knows.  he looks at me and i feel like a little brother caught being bad.  but as long as mom is happy with this illusion i say fuck it.  
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2xirg2/my_brother_carl/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-06 19:20:57, # COMMENTS: 24, SCORE: 49
TITLE: tomato plants, POST BODY: i was relaxing after work in a diner with some colleagues when the TV news caught my attention - Drugs in Suburbia! - The Unknown Scourge!  when i saw the house i thought Fuck me and put away my phone.  no one was going to answer.  they interviewed The Neighbor - an old woman who never noticed anything but said the lady was a very nice lady.  

she is very nice.  her name is Teri.  

they didn't show Teri but they gloated about the haul on a photo of her kicked in front door - .4 grams black substance, .6 grams white powder, 27 unidentified prescription pills, $3,300 in cash and a .22 pistol.  not much because Teri did well on Friday afternoons.  paycheck day.  

we ordered our food, got a pitcher of beer and i thought about the 27 pills and unknown white powder i would not be getting.  fuck.  2 days off and already feeling the WD.  so i called the Other guy.  not my favorite.

"What up clown fool?!",  he answered.  i sighed and asked him if he was holding.  

"Yeah - got some snorty H or you can bang it, shit I dont care, weed, X, what you need?"

i hate this guy because he is not discreet.  plus he's an ass.  we agreed to meet at McDonalds.  i ate and drank and talked business with the boys when the first waves of paranoia hit.  i looked at my phone.  jesus how many unsubtle texts for drugs to Teri were there?  u gt H?  nd sm oxy.  i casually took out the sim card and snapped it.  time to get a new number at the Verizon store.

then i began to wonder What if she kept records?  i thought about my visits to Teri.  she was like an old hippie mom.  she would tease me about my suit, ask if i wanted banana bread.  but what if the cops find traces of me in there?  would they go after clients?  i began to sweat out all the coffee i gulped down at work. i excused myself early and left.  my coworkers would go back to their wives and children while i skulked around a filthy parking lot at McDonalds to buy dope.

after a few bumps in my car i felt OK.  i thought about poor Teri.  2 months ago she kicked but kept selling because she needed the money.  she showed me these pots of dirt outside she was watering.  "Tomato plants", she smiled.  "I planted seeds 2 days ago when I kicked.  The seeds gives me a time reference."  

i would come over religiously on Fridays to buy and watched the seedlings sprout.  Teri was always fussing over the plants and showed me how to add compost when they got bigger.  one day she told me, "I hope you get some tomato seeds someday too." i smiled and she said, "Actually, here take mine."

i always left with dope and something else.  usually a bonus pill or joint but now i had a packet of grape tomato seeds.  i promised i would plant them one day.  

i never saw Teri again.  the sorrow of her abandoned tomato plants withering in their pots is not something i like to dwell on.  she was just an average nice lady trying to exist on the planet under her own terms.  i can relate to Teri.

i did plant them you know.  i tasted the delicious tart tomatoes nurtured by my clean hand and glorious sunshine.  i did this once so that proves i can do it again...well, someday.   , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2y74gy/tomato_plants/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-07 23:32:14, # COMMENTS: 24, SCORE: 13
TITLE: withdraw the ignorant way, POST BODY: obviously WD are real and horrible.  but does anyone else think that if you did not read every other person's experience it would not be as pronounced..?  like i never had back aches until i read that was a common symptom.  i mean i probably did but just ignored them as Yeah my back kinda hurts rather than Uh oh WD body aches.

i also did not have a shopping list of stuff like vitamins, lope, etc.  i think weed and Sprite was my savior.  WD was like a nasty stomach flu.  after i shit and puked my guts out i got high.  when i could hold down crackers i got drunk.  but i was younger then...

obviously the info on making WD less severe is very helpful.  but on the other hand when i read about WD experiences i can feel them though i am pretty high right now.

please don't think i am belittling WDs.  i have had some horrible times and know HELL like many of you.  but when you read shit like "And after about 30 days you will still feel this or that"- I want to rip my eyes out., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2ybafa/withdraw_the_ignorant_way/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-10 00:09:00, # COMMENTS: 4, SCORE: 17
TITLE: actual pain sucks, POST BODY: being an addict is a bitch.  but being an addict with an actual injury - like shit that might need surgery - like shit that makes you go Heeey...Wow, Ouch as you nod is like the God of Opiates coming to collect.

the worst is when they talk about Naproxen or Tramadol.  you have to agree and go OK....but you know that crap ain't gonna cut it.  its almost like instant WDs when they talk about Ibuprofen pain management.  but dont you dare say Oxy!  agree and give it a few days and try again.  way too early to tip your hand.  

sigh.  such a hassle.  so i will rail this Oxy 30mg and save his 3 brothers for tomorrow because i have heard there is a bit of a drought due to bad weather, economics, etc.  the sad thing is my doctor is offering Naproxen and Tramadol as my savior.  an Oxy 30 is at least 4-5 visits away if at all.  

jesus i have like 4 bottles of Tramadol in my bathroom.  that shit is useless.    
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2yj0zv/actual_pain_sucks/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-14 01:01:25, # COMMENTS: 19, SCORE: 67
TITLE: junkie friends, POST BODY: after my 2nd year in school i decided to take some classes over the summer to ease up my load.  Berkley was just far away that it justified not living at home over the summer.  my old high school buddy Del said i could rent at his place for the summer.

Del and i were friends in high school.  your basic 80's nerds.  chess team, math club and SYSOPs on a BBS with pirated Commodore 64 games.  when i showed up to his apartment i thought it would be obvious i changed.  i had a mohawk AND leather jacket.  but man- Del had changed too.

junkie thin with shifty eyes and angry, puffy red pinholes on his arms and legs.  i walked into my new home.  it had nothing but a TV and lawn furniture.  his girlfriend came out of the shower.  a wispy bleached blond, pinch faced girl named Tess.  she stared at me like a malevolent wet cat.  i soon realized my rent $ was for their veins.  

after i admitted i had used they hounded me.  finally Del found my weakness - Oxy!  so they stole the pills they sold me, stole my food, smokes and beer.  Del apologized and said Tess had problems.  in my room i studied Electromagnetic Fields and Thermal Physics while they cooked shots and nodded out to X Files.

but the worst part was Carly.  Carly was a 40something scary dude that came over to sell.  he dressed like an office worker, wore a fake smile and this creepy, far away stare.  he drove a BMW, sponsored sessions and flirted with Tess to an uncomfortable level.  when he started fronting Del things got bad.  for one thing he was openly hostile to Del for money.  Carly pointed out how weak he was in front of Tess and would slap him around in a funny joking way that was neither funny nor joking.  

but they were junkies and barely registered anything.  i locked my door.  

money kept us more or less in the rhythms of society.  we all had jobs.  i worked part time at Petco, Tess waited tables and Del repaired computers.  but they stopped working when they were flush with H.  and they didn't sell it...

one day i came home and Del was there with a Taco Bell soda resting on his swollen head.  both eyes were black and he was missing a tooth and bleeding all over his Primus t-shirt.  Del asked for 2 months rent pretty please...but i did not have it.  i ate ramen for dinner, hid smokes from them and saved money for Pedro's Bueno Hour- $2 = 2 tacos &amp;amp; 2 Tecates on Tues.    

Del started to weep.  it was the first time i saw a man cry.  Tess was in jail.  Vice grabbed her as she cased parked cars at Golden Gate trying handles for easy money.  Del bravely fled when Vice nabbed her.  Tess was gone and Carly was coming over for the rest of his money which Del said I HAD.  

Del had maybe $100 worth of shit they stole from Macys in the freezer so the ink didn't explode when they yanked tags but nowhere near the $650+ he owed.  we both agreed it was time to go.  without Tess to reign him in Carly was not shy about beating Del.  i like Del but not enough to get into this so i called my dad from the library and moved home.  i hate psycho Carly.  his fascination with Tess's barely legal ass was unsettling but I agreed with him on one thing-  Del.  man that was fucked up.  you never leave your woman/partner/friend like that.  

i never spoke to Del again.  this is why i have never sold.  when cornered i have given it away.  i do not want the misery tied to this flower.  when you need dope you will do horrible things for it.  you will pretend this is not wrong and when that glorious rush seeps into your veins - All is forgiven.  but the trail of misery you leave behind is the road paved to Hell.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2yzuzz/junkie_friends/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-19 23:36:15, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 25
TITLE: travel broadens/fucks the mind, POST BODY: it is bad enough a man has to work but worse fucking yet - he has to pretend he loves his job!  this gets harder as you age cynically.  thus i hate traveling for work for traveling highlights how demanding this addiction is.

christ the hotel is so cold, my sweat stinks and while i am not HIGH i feel as though i can nod out in the conference center when i need to pay attention and figure out where i am supposed to go.  i am an adult goddamnit and i need some coffee and maybe this pill to calm down and focus on this crazy assfuck convention.  

the worst part is i am in vegas.  my prescription pill bottle holds many pills &amp;amp; i pray the TSA folks don't scrutinize for they are different sizes, shapes and colors.  so i snort two 30's and wander off to meet the coworkers for our dinner presentation.  wow i am talkative and happy unlike at work where i sulk and clock watch.  

but after our presentation i hide in my room.  the sheets are like ice and my body aches and cries for more oxy.  C'MON!  anything less than 100mg is bullshit!  MORE motherfucker! it screams.  but i don't.  i NEED to be high on the plane.  that 4 hour jaunt is HELL if you are going through WDs.  

the bitch with a healthy H addiction and a career that requires travel is you must scramble for pills for holding H through TSA with your boss is not happening.  so oxy please.  but shit oxy never feels as gentle...    

fucking vegas.  gambling?  no problem here chief.  but the 4 hour plane ride away from my hidey hole where i keep my drugs..?  now THAT is uncomfortable...

i die and wither but i get on that plane.  i eat the last of my stash with some crappy overpriced airport fast food.  i want to rail it but lack the tools.  i stare at the heads in my plane row.  men of industry.  men with a mission.  men with a plan.  my plan is to get home and reunite with some H.

i feel less than human in the plane.  these men shoulder burdens and raise themselves to feed families and better their lot while i can barely stand being in this flying tube because all i crave in life is the poppy.  

the guy next to me chit chats.  i am high enough to be civil but when he asks me What I do?- i avoid the question.  i know if i tell the truth i have to talk about work.  and if he has a background in aeronautics or engineering it will get technical.  it's hard enough pretending to give 2 fucks for a paycheck but blowing smoke out my ass on a plane to some fuck while dreaming of that fat shot in my condo...?  

i am between jobs.  leave me alone.

unemployed people are not worth talking to on airplanes.  they can sit there gritting their teeth as the last of their stash barely warms their veins.  no one cares.  

let me hold on to my sanity way up here 40,000 feet above the earth and may the gap in the space time continuum between this seat and my nodding chair at home be merciful and quick.  fuck Euclidean space.  real time is for suckers.  
         , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2zo20v/travel_broadensfucks_the_mind/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-21 02:06:10, # COMMENTS: 12, SCORE: 28
TITLE: the Reeboks, POST BODY: i went to university in a city with a great public transportation system.  these arteries of civilization not only brought you to your classes and art gallery internships - they pumped in food, commerce, vice and drugs.   

the white guys that sold drugs here always say they are Connected.  this may or may not be true but you heard enough stories to keep the rumors exciting...Jason claimed this.  he sold dimes of weed but could also get you x, coke and H.  

my girlfriend Molly came from a good home.  2 parents, 2 kids, a dog and a cat.  the city showed her how different things are on the other side of the bay.  the whole princess in distress was her angle.  she played coy but nothing made her more excited than watching me fight.  like some dumb purple assed baboon, i happily embraced this role for i enjoyed violence and pleasing my female.  Molly was my all...but after the broken noses, busted knuckles and ribs- dope took my place.  

i tried to hide my habit.  i had academic responsibilities.  scholarships are demanding.  so i shot in my foot but after meeting Jason -Molly went 100% junkie.  stole money from parents, sold family jewelry and cigarette smoke swirled like a python over the swarms of red pin pricks on her pale arms.  Jason was her new pet.  i said nothing because we were so fucking high all the time.  Molly's money plunged us deep into the rabbit hole.

i was losing my woman to this pseudo mafia guido douchebag (half jewish and irish) but i no longer cared.  I was under the spell too.  no not Jason, nor his gun or silly Soprano tales but the rituals of dope.  melting heaven in a spoon and watching your blood enter the chamber a heartbeat before you plunge the flower into your vein...Molly and i were changed.

we had WDs in a February freeze and miserably rode the bus downtown to Jason's dealer.  i had to wait outside so i went around back and lit a cigarette.  i tossed the match and the smoke trail arced into a puddle where it hissed, sputtered and died.  i couldn't help but notice a pair of legs wearing jeans, white socks and shiny new Reeboks stuck straight out of the dumpster.  i started to walk forward to see why these legs pointed up towards a clear blue sky but stopped.  this was death.  

Jason, the dealer, Molly and 2 junkies all stood around me staring at the feet.  one guy looked in the dumpster and said it was some black guy.  and that was that.  we went inside and got high.  inside was warm.  there was video games and a kitten.  it smelled like ganja and cinnamon toast.  i nodded out.  

an hour later i had to leave for class.  Molly and i had economic theory all the way across campus so we would be late.  Molly shrugged and said she was staying so i stumbled down the stairs alone.  i walked past the feet.  someone had stolen the shoes.  

in my dorm i took off my shoes to inject the vein that slides right below my toes.  i stared at my shoes.  fuck it.  its winter.  i shot it into my arm and put on a sweater., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2zsc2k/the_reeboks/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-21 22:06:11, # COMMENTS: 17, SCORE: 58
TITLE: nose to needle, POST BODY: "Dude don't snort it, you're wasting it."

James was the worst.  he lost his job, dropped out of school and made it through this month's rent, utilities and drug expenses by selling his surfboards.  next he was going to sell his hunting gear.  i snorted the 2 bumps, exhaled through my mouth and let the pleasure wash over me slowly like a slug licking my brain.  he shook his head in disgust as he shot up.  he was there for one second staring at me, then his eyes rolled up and he sank into the couch with a sigh.  i pulled the needle out of his arm and set it on the coffee table.

Cassy moved in when he nodded out and went though his pockets.  "Fucker", she muttered, "He sold my fucking books and only gave me 2 points!"

"Two?", drawled Tony who was my fucking rock in this science experiment, "he's holding out."

Tony was like me and snorted.  we both refused the needle unlike fucking Sid and Nancy.  they got rigs from Cassy's medical supplies closet at school and mainlined to get the most out of their stash.  but James always got the lion's share and Cassy went psycho bitch crazy on all of us when she would WD.  i had a black eye from a beer bottle and Tony had half of a laptop.  the other half was in the creek out back.  their crazy behavior was like a burning brand in the dark night sky warning us - Do Not Inject.

but like watching 2 people fuck, we stared all sweaty and freaky when they fixed shots.  the ritual of dope preparation is like a magical spell.  lights are dimmed, candles are lit, blood is taken.  but Structural Mechanics is hard enough to pass with a 100% capacity brain so Tony and I held back.

it was pills that brought us here.  funny we both said Naw to binge drinking.  marijuana was OK but not to the Bob Marley poster and t-shirt level you see in the dorms.  my mom was a pill addict so this was as normal as Budweiser beer cans to me.  Tony had Adderall and i had Oxy.  pushed together in a Computational Geometry class we traded the pills but found mixed together was even better.  party ass James (my dormmate) introduced heroin to the party.  at first we were like Nope.  but Tony snorted it back then like i snorted Oxy...so i tried it.  

now was the bleak time.  Fall session was ending and the Holidays were upon us.  all of us were pale and at least 15lbs lighter.  like vampires we barely crawled out in the day.  James brought us H.  it was taxed and we knew it but you gave him money and he came back with the magic that let your muscles unclench, the snot to stop flowing and peace and sanity kissed you awake and you became alive...Tony and I passed this semester high as birds in the Autumn sky.  without bumps we would never had made it to class.  but H and Adderall let us get in there, dissertate some astronomy and physics and academic reputations were saved.

i never went home.  i didn't have much of a home to return to but Tony did.  his parents stuck his ass in rehab.  i stayed with Sid and Nancy and got crazy.  James ended up in jail, i got a blood infection and Cassy ran off with a dope dealer named Sal.  Cassy made out the best.  

like James, i ended up selling my shit to buy dope and started mainlining it to get higher.  when we got kicked out of our place James became a beggar downtown with his new street girlfriend.  i think they ended up riding trains around CA and OR.  but James was gone.  not sure he was ever there for his spirit was always so fleeting.  

Cassy and her dealer boyfriend Sal became born again Christians.  i saw them a few times at the mall handing out flyers.  her eyes on Christ were just as crazy as her eyes on dope so i think Cassy wins this tournament of fools.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2zvciw/nose_to_needle/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-22 22:11:36, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 51
TITLE: time to move, POST BODY: Tap.  Tap.  What the fuck is that noise?

"Wake up sunshine", said Jason my roommate.  

Tap.  Tap.  Window.  I opened my eyes.  The world was bright and smeared.  I was sitting upright and my arm...it was bleeding where I shot up.  I licked the blood and opened the driver window.  It was misting gently on a Sunday morning.  I must have nodded out.  next to me was my kit bag of syringes, spoons, lighters and bags.

"I need the car beautiful.", smiled Jason as he leaned on my girlfriend's car and smoked a cigarette.  "Ho!  Great fucking spot!"

In the Mission there is no parking.  Yet at 3am I found a primo spot.  And then I must have passed out.

"Go see Kym.", said Jason, "I'll be back in an hour.  You want some lunch?"

"Naw."  

I grabbed my stuff and crawled out.  Before I could walk away Jason explained how he was gonna score.  Oh and can he borrow 2 points?  If not a bump or a pill?  How about a smoke too?  I climbed up our stairs 1 cigarette, 1 coke bump and 1 point lighter.  Fucking Jason.

"That fucker stole from us!  Where is my car?!  What happened to you last night?!", shrieked Kym.  

Thank god I did a bump with Jason.

Inside I learned about Jason-the sneaky weasel fuck.  My Playstation was gone.  Kym had no idea but I did.  Jason operates at night like a vampire because he no longer pretended he was a student like us.  He slept all day and crawled out at night.  There was a note.  It said:

You owe me $36 for bar tabs and coke.  I am OK with this!  I took your ps and turned it into $180.  You will get this sweet cash and 4 points from the Land of Nod.  Ask me how when I come back tonight!  Love, Jason.

Fucker.  He had stolen shit before but usually it was the neighbors.  I was so tired of this.  He went in too deep and his charisma barely kept him in good graces.  later he might return with H and maybe even a Playstation he stole from someone else.  but it was getting old.  now I awkwardly explained to my girlfriend why i let this junkie asshole borrow her car.  I knew he drove across the bay and sold drugs to his little brother's friends who were all rich kids and flush with dad's cash.  He would probably do OK...but when Kym hurled the chopping mirror at my head I knew the explanation was weak. 

I was pulling mirror shards out of my face when Kym broke down.  she wanted out of here.  I could see her point.  A guy was shot downstairs over a weed deal.  The neighbors across the street were crazy bikers that said they were going to burn our place down for listening to hip hop.  the Mexican bar on the ground floor was LOUD all fucking night and it was hard to get into the building gate past all the piss, degenerates and crazy drunk Mexicans outside.  but it was home.

i soothed Kym.  all is well.  she started to make waffles as I laid out some bumps for us.  coke, H, coke, H.  wake up, relax.  wake up, relax.  love, love, love, love.

"C'mon babe", I called impatiently when all of a sudden the doorknob started to rattle.  someone was coming in.  paranoid- i snorted everything and shoved the shaving kit bag under the couch.  Kym was so new to drug paranoia she stood in front of the door to see who dared to come in unannounced.  

Caesar walked in.

Kym gave him an icy stare, "Don't you knock fucker?"

Caesar shrugged, "When I knock people who owe seldom open the door.  You should lock your door.  This is a bad neighborhood."

"We owe you jack shit so fuck off vato!", said Kym.

Even though I was felt the high creeping - I tensed up but Caesar merely shook his head and walked over to me.  He put his arm around me good naturedly and led me into the kitchen.

"Where's Jason?", he asked.

"I don't know.  He never came home.", I answered.

Kym pulled out the drug stash and started to fix up bumps on the table.  Alarms went off in my head but Kym did not care.  Caesar walked over and watched her for a second and then he walked back to me.  his smile was like that of a lazy cat.

"Where'd you get that?", he asked as he lit a joint and offered me a hit.  

I took it and shrugged.  I got it at Lucky 13 from a Vietnamese connect that I met through Jason.

"I bought it at the park.", I lied.  Caesar stared right through me.

"That's more of that gook shit thats going around.", he said, "Was the dude that sold it Asian looking?"

"Maybe."

"You know", sighed Caesar, "I work hard to cover these 4 blocks where we live.  I will deliver anywhere, anytime all the apartments, stores, bars, whatever.  It hurts me to see you buy this shit.", said Caesar pointing the joint at Kym.

I nodded.

"You don't know what those gooks cut it with.  Poison dude, the cheap fucks.  That shit is dangerous man." said Caesar solemnly.  

He walked over to me, looked into my eyes and pointed 2 fingers at his forehead.  "It's like putting a bullet here," he moved his fingers to his temple, "and here."

I nodded.

"Do you understand me?", he asked.

Oh I understood.  My next 2 purchases came from Caesar and then we moved., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/2zz2tq/time_to_move/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-24 03:44:55, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 40
TITLE: A lizard bit me, POST BODY: For some reason last night I tripped out on this vein at the base of my thumb after smoking opium.  After an internal debate I shot some morphine into the vein with a short rig.  I meant to cover it up but someone noticed at work.  

Whoa....what's that?  

Oh a lizard bit me.  

What?

Yeah I tried to grab it and it totally bit me.    

*****note:   This is probably the dumbest excuse I have ever tossed out there but there were no more questions.  So if you ever need an excuse feel free to borrow my lizard.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3042uf/a_lizard_bit_me/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-24 22:17:57, # COMMENTS: 13, SCORE: 25
TITLE: the people of the poppy, POST BODY: The vacuum woke me up.  It was like a jet airplane warming up and it would SLAM into the walls we shared knocking the dust from my shelves down in wavy little rivulets...Then silence.  i climbed back under the couch cushions where i hid from sunlight like some undead thing mouldering in a crypt.  i made a mental note to look into curtains or sheets or something to replace the ones Molly set on fire with her tarot candles.  i was almost asleep when a coffee grinder shrieked to life.  the sound reminded me of this root canal i had a week ago.  i moaned and crawled out.  fuck.  this sleep thing is not happening.  i accidentally stepped on Vince who groaned beneath a pile of jackets on the floor.  

"Jesus dont you people ever sleep?"!", yelled Vince popping up like a vampire from his blanket cocoon.  "Turn that grinder off!"

"Fuck you Vince.", said Molly crawling under the cushions to snuggle me.  "Finally they awaken.  The Gruesome Twosome", she smiled.

Vince and I were prepping for our lecture.  Meth and heroin kept me steady.  Vince did some meth for the first time and really seemed to like it.  Never a good sign.  I brought Vince over from the dorms to prep for our Tuesday night lecture on thermodynamics.  I had known Vince from the dorms and we are kindred souls.  Vince was from Hong Kong, dressed like his mom bought his clothes and wore thick glasses that darkened in UV light.  Vince didnt know it but he was so fucking punk.  everyone saw this nerdy Asian kid but there was an intensity that burned inside Vince.  he was so unassuming that when you saw it explode it was fucking cataclysmic nuclear nova glorious.
 
"Baby go ask Neela if she can help us...", asked Molly.  I could smell coffee and gave up on sleep.  Molly had been eating x and snorting ketamine for 2 nights.  She wanted to come down.  The problem was no one had anything but weed or meth.

I sighed but we all knew Neela had dope and was high because her Andy Gibb greatest hits was on repeat.  she liked to nod to the soothing sounds of the Bee Gees too but Andy was her favorite.  hell, everyone living 2 apartments away from her knows this.

"Ok", I agreed because i had barely a point left stashed beneath my boot lining - the one place I think...heheh that Molly didn't know about.

So we trooped over to the neighbor.  Neela was old.  But to put that in context we just started going to bars so she was maybe 40ish?  Our place featured sterile white walls, empty shelves, Molly's Cure and Depeche Mode posters, no curtains, burn marks, 1 couch, 1 coffee table and a TV on milk crates.  Neela LIVED here.  Every inch was Neela.  Blue walls with orange trim, vines and house plants, cats, paintings, real furniture like a dining room table and matching living room furniture.  It was so grown up.

Vince sat like a gargoyle on her couch mute and antisocial as usual for he was shy.  Neela liked him because her cats liked him.  Molly hugged Neela while I looked around.  I never saw Neela get high.  No visible track marks so maybe she snorted.  After my hug I broached the subject.  Neela had glassy gone eyes but sighed.  She loved our company but did not like scoring, business or talks about money.  But we knew she was connected.

"I'm trying to cut back", she said.  

So I launched into my spiel how dry it was and she rolled her eyes dramatically.

"What about your friend Jeff?"

"Dry."

"How about Mr. Maru?"

"Gone."

I was lucky here because Mr. Maru sold heroin to keep his weird parties alive and not for money.  You had to be interesting to buy some of the best dope in the city from Mr. Maru.  I brought Molly over and he was wearing a black 1piece bodysuit with a mask that had his face sealed behind black pantyhose and framed with a white dragon's horns.  Molly tripped out though I warned her about the nudity, weirdness, sex, etc.  He banned Molly for life because she is "fucking ice cold bitch."     

"Oh yeah he goes to Hawaii in winter...What about Nguyen?"

I shot Vince a look but he refused to acknowledge it.  The cut on his head was still fresh.  We almost scored 2 nights ago with Nguyen at Lucky 13 but now couldn't go back for a month.

We were having fun at 13 with some physics club kids and this jerk in a Social Distortion t-shirt and leathers saw a dorky Asian kid hunched over a beer laughing.  so he bumped Vince whose face went dark as he stood up and said "Hey, watch it."

The guy laughed and saw Vince's NASA t-shirt and pushed him again.  "You watch it space boy.  I'll fuck you up like that space shuttle."

Our friends were shocked.  We worshipped NASA.  We saw the bigger picture of the universe and our academic goals and career choices were sacrifices to better humanity.  And this guy...

"Can you hold these?", Vince asked handing me his glasses.

And just like that he started punching the guy repeatedly in the face.  The explosion of violence was sudden and surprised everyone including the guy who froze making an easy target.  Before the guy could drop unconscious Vince was dragging him to the bar while headbutting him and screaming, "Good people died!  Never fuck with NASA!"

So yeah.  No more Nguyen who was the bartender.  That was a great connect.

Neela went through more names and I shook my head.  I knew this was hard for her.  She would have to go to her ex husband.  He ran a garage/chop shop, was a dick but heavily into the biker trade.  If you asked him, the dude could probably get you a white baby in 2 hours.

Neela crossed her arms and said, Well ok handsome.  But you owe me a dance..."

I knew this was coming and was not high enough to go along happily.  But I did it.  We danced to An Everlasting Love.  Neela was Indian and did these crazy Bollywood moves as we swirled in her apartment to Andy Gibb...I smiled and let the music take me away from this life.  Molly loved Neela because she could not coax this from me.  I have no idea why I could dance without an ounce of self-consciousness with Neela but she took me there...

looking back those weird dance sessions to get Neela to go bug her ex husband for drugs were amazing.  another favorite was the Bee Gees Too Much Heaven which is a song i still equate to a heroin high...so ethereal and releasing you from the physical world into the next...

i wish I knew what happened to Neela.  but i did a semester on the east coast and when i came back and rang her door an old Chinese lady answered.  

i wish you peace Neela and Dhanyavaad for EVERYTHING..., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/307p5z/the_people_of_the_poppy/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-26 21:56:54, # COMMENTS: 14, SCORE: 22
TITLE: Go eat a sandwich, POST BODY: i started out shitty which is ok for a drug abuser right?  woozy morning, autopilot through bedroom awakening rituals to transportation and then into work...sit there like a goon and try not to stare at the trippy little popping stars exploding across the view from my office windows.  nod patiently and chime in on a discussion explaining cost VS profit at a raw material level in some foreign country.  then something amazing happens.  i do not feel WDs at the prescribed time.  was it all the opium i smoked in the past few days?  was it that amazing 12 hour sleep i got?  the oxy and H are pushed away and the dragon lazily uncoils around my being.  i feel stupid but great.  no WD!  no anxiety!  

between 10 - 11am i usually pop an oxy to stave off WD.  but nothing happens.  i bust out serious work and this bigwig from the Govt surprises us when the boss is gone and i step in and effortlessly do the corporate dance with only green tea and coffee as my morning DOC.  when the bureaucratic douche bag leaves i walk 5 blocks to a deli and order a pastrami sandwich and a glass of Sierra Nevada Beer Camp lager with salt and vinegar chips.  i am ravenous.  i eat the whole thing which is odd as my lunches are usually a mouse nibbling affair.  but i pound this foot long pastrami with pickled peppers, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, oil and vinegar.  food is fuel and my body sucks it up.  i feel fucking awesome and alive.  i think i starve myself too much between opiate binges.  the mind only wants MORE poppy!  but damn...the body loves food.

so go eat a damn sandwich you skinny fuck.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30g9ra/go_eat_a_sandwich/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-27 21:25:11, # COMMENTS: 21, SCORE: 26
TITLE: alien culture, trains and being 40something, POST BODY: as i age i inadvertently get more rigid and conservative in my beliefs and actions.  though i crave the high like the rest of you, there is a lot less FTW in me than 10 years ago.  what trips me out now are teens.

they look so young.  men going off to war as soldiers or the thugs on the train all have those knobby little new clay muscles with smooth, elastic skin.  maybe thats why the Dope Porn shit makes me uncomfortable.  it makes me think of women i knew and how the flesh sags off the bone and the skin withers in the harsh focus of serious hardcore fucking dope addiction.  

but these kids...i just trip out.  to be fair i went all day without and was sick when i railed an oxy.  hell i did it just so i wouldn't get the shits on the fucking train because the restrooms here are below par to savage.  

floating and whole again, i stepped off my train and saw a Situation.  5-8 kids surrounded 1 kid.  they were cursing, yelling, pushing him around like primates on NatGeo.  the kid fell and like a signal from above they went apeshit on him.  kicks to the head were cheered but his body must have absorbed 10-20 kicks while he covered his skull...in my high i saw their demonic young angel faces all smiles and glee.  i froze.  i should have called 911 or i should have minded by business but instead i yelled HEY!

they looked at me, paused and saw some old guy powerless in their game.  so they continued.  station cops came and they ran and i walked over to the kid and said You OK?  

kid said Fuck you man.  

i was told to wait here by a uniformed transit employee as cops ran around like useless ants and EMTs swarmed the kid who groaned in a pool of his own blood.  i thought fuck this and the next train that came, i got on.  

my high was gone.  funny how police have that effect.  but i am tripping out on those savage kids.  i guess i kind of remember what its like to be young.  afraid of nothing.  

older people are so weird and alien., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30k8qh/alien_culture_trains_and_being_40something/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-28 14:00:35, # COMMENTS: 25, SCORE: 68
TITLE: A Bunch of Fucking Liars, POST BODY: standing in Jason's mom's apartment with Kym I thought how we must look like children.  huddled together in the gloom, fidgeting around in our silly fashions.  our youth and timidity were a badge of weakness here.  Jason's mom was Mexican, wore a ton of makeup and and revealing clothes.  her boyfriend was a huge biker with a chain scarred face.  he openly leered at Kym who clutched my arm.

"Just a couple buns mom", said Jason taking one of his mom's smokes.  "You know I'm good for it...Later."

"Sweety...No!  I don't want you doing this shit anymore.  Fuck what kind of a mom am I if..."

"Please?  Its just this week and then school starts so..."

"You're back in school?", spoke the mom's boyfriend squinting suspiciously at Jason.

"Yup.  Right?", said Jason elbowing me.  Fucking liar.

I nodded, "Yeah he got out of academic probation so..."

"We should have a party at the bar!", clapped his mom.

"So you mind...", asked Jason.

his mom sighed, opened a box of See's Candy, dug through it and tossed out 2 tightly wrapped stacks of bags.  Jason tossed one to me.

"Lets see I got $30, $35...uhm...", said Jason slowly counting out crumpled ones and fives.

"Not even close", growled the biker.

"It's ok", smiled his mom who I suddenly realized was nodding out during this whole transaction, "He's back in school!"  

"Hey you gotta any coke?", said Jason.

"Get the fuck out!", snarled the biker and we left.

back home I went in the bathroom and slipped 2 bags into the lining of my boots that i wear until I go to bed.  Then I opened 3 bags and did a tiny bump from each.  when I came out Kym was sitting by the table tapping her black nails on the chopping mirror.  they tapped Hurry Hurry Hurry.  so I made a show of evenly dividing the bags.  1 bag, 2 bag, 3 bag and BLAST OFF...I shoved the remaining 5 bags in the plastic lining of a Misfits CD.  then I balanced a hair over the stack of CDs.  

after school I immediately spied the hair was gone.  Kym and Jason sat on the couch watching a X-Files DVD.  I couldn't help notice they were high and we had a new TV.

"Where do you keep getting TVs?", I asked.

Jason winked at me.  "Want some coke?", he asked.

Kym ignored me as I opened the CD.  they were clumsy and most of the bags were still kind of open.  then she slid over for some lines.

"Hey where is the rest?", asked Kym.  I stared at her but realized she meant the 2 bags in my boot.

"Oh I owed those to Jeff", I lied casually.  her eyes narrowed.

Jason made a fake yawn and went to his room to sleep.  it was bullshit.  lately he had been shooting up.  so I waited an hour, slid into his room where the bastard was nodded out on his bed.  i took half a bag of coke, 2 smokes and $36.  he had no more H the bastard.

"Did he have anymore?", asked Kym.

"Naw just cigarettes.", I said handing her one.   

the next day Kym was out of dope.  I acted sick too but did little bumps to keep me going until I could pick up my check from work.  she knew I was lying like I knew she stole from me.  needless to say it was an awkward morning.  Kym emitted this malevolent vibe that made me happy to go to work.

Kym and I took our checks to the Indian liquor store to cash and met Caesar outside.  his car smelled like green bud and cheap cologne but he had the goods.  4 bundles of joy for a repeat customer discounted deal of $175.  

"Where's Jason?", asked Caesar.

"Maybe home?", I shrugged. 

"Tell that lying sack of shit I'll be by in 15 after I make a stop.  I want to tell him something...", smiled Caesar.

"Ok...Yeah. Sure."

at home Jason was pissed we didn't have enough money to cover his mom's bundles as he was supposed to go over later with money.  

"We were sick and worked less hours this pay period right Kym?", I said nudging her.

"Yup.  Flu.", she said walking past Jason to go get high.  She started drawing the cosmic whorls from Van Gogh's Starry Night on the foil. 

by my calculations Jason OWED me.  i fronted the last 2 Caesar purchases with my student loan check.  sure Jason got the last one but the TV was gone again and not to mention he owed last month's rent.  besides all the shit I stole from him when he passed out he still owed me at least $120.  when i pointed this out he shrugged.  He was more interested in what Kym was doing and generously offered to heat the foil for her.

"I got it!", she snarled with the chopped Big Gulp straw dangling from her mouth like a smoke. 

"Oh and Caesar's coming by", I warned him giving Kym a sideways glance.

"What?  Now?!  Fuck!", said Jason who slipped into the hall closet, "I'm not here OK?  Seriously don't tell him I'm here..."

Kym lit the foil as I inhaled.  I went to get a cigarette from Jason's pack as she expertly solo smoked another trail.  who fucking cares about Jason and his bullshit?  or that my girlfriend steals from me?  this life baby...this life is but a phase...time is short so let life be pleasurable...

and then:

POP! POP! POP!  

shots fired outside.  I yelped and dove to the floor.  Kym calmly continued to inhale heroin with insect like concentration as a car peeled off.  i could hear dark laughter far away.  i looked at my watch.  yeah about 15 minutes had passed since we saw Caesar., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30mhda/a_bunch_of_fucking_liars/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-30 13:33:07, # COMMENTS: 20, SCORE: 46
TITLE: Dead Cats, Dope and a Funeral, POST BODY: I had been home for almost 3 days and still hadn't seen Mom.  Kym and I crashed with Jeff at his dad's place because he was gone.  Here we could be high all the time and for once I had a decent excuse.  We were here for a funeral.  Shea's funeral.

"This way?", said Kym said doubtfully as we walked past a stack of slashed open suitcases and discarded purses near a dumpster.  In the the alley was a huge puddle of human shit with torn and stained McDonald's bag pieces that had been used as toilet paper.

"Yeah", said Mike sniffling up his dope sick snot, "this way to Trailers!"

Trailers was just what it sounded like.  Trailer park heaven back in the 60's and now a trashy mobile park ghetto.  We crossed an empty lot where no grass would grow and Kym was complaining about her high heels.  It smelled like industrial chemicals here.  Harsh and metallic.  We edged around a dead cat and onto the road.  

"Fuck that's like the 3rd dead cat I've seen in this fucking town!", Kym said shuddering.  

It was odd.  All these dead cats.  Squished on the road, rotting on footpaths and splayed out in alleys.  

"This is fucked up and witchy weird", muttered Kym.  But we were dope sick enough to stumble towards Mike's guy with the tar.

We came to a trailer that had a Direct TV dish sprouting like a mushroom from the roof.  A shiny new Camaro Z28 was parked outside.  Someone was doing OK.  Mike banged on the door and it opened to a fat, dark skinned Arabic guy with dreadlocks.  

"What's this?", he growled looking at us suspiciously, " What fuck Mikey?"

"Its OK.  They're my friends...They're cool", said Mike, "Guys this is Fazim."

Fazim stared at us for an uncomfortable minute.  But then the door was opened and we entered.  Inside we choked on heated air and cigarette smoke.  Posters of Euro soccer players and Playboy magazine centerfolds covered the walls.  Tall stacks of pirated DVDs sat on the floor near a printer where he had been making labels for Home Alone 2.  An old man wrapped in a black robe like a Bedouin raider sat in the corner and stared at us.  Fazim neither mentioned or acknowledged his presence.  He just started to yell at Mike.

"Only you!  You come!  No new people!"

"Alright.  Sorry...", smiled Mike sheepishly.

"Where's my money?"

"Here", said Mike handing him a crumpled Taco Bell bag.  

Fazim rooted through it and started flipping through the cash nimbly with his pudgy fingers.

"What you stupid or me fuck?!", barked Fazim, "$35 short!"

Jeff leaned over to me, "Lets get out of here..."

But Kym was over the whole thing.

"Hey!", she said to Fazim who stared at her like she was a bug, "We need 3 G's or bundles or whatever Ok?  How much and what have you got?!"

"Lady is business", said Fazim with a slight bow, "I apologize for this ok?  Wait one minute while I give slaps."

"What are slaps..", said Kym but this became obvious.  

Mike cringed as Fazim started slapping the shit out of him.  I froze in the violence and so did Jeff.  We had never seen one man slap the hell out of another man who didn't bother to defend himself.  It was savage and wrong.  

"YO!", yelled Kym, "Lets go!  C'mon we gotta split you want our money or what?!"

Man, I loved my city girl.  Always focused.  But it was scenes like this that made me realize how weak I am when it came to alpha male shit.  

Mike crawled on the ground sniveling and gasping in pain.  The old man sitting in the corner still stared at me.  He had not moved or spoken.  I wondered if I was the only one who could see him..?  

We bought some bags.  Rabbit turd sized chunks of tar.  Not bad though more expensive than the city.  We left Mike behind which felt wrong but he said he agreed to clean Fazim's car before he left.  Jesus.

Jeff handled it hard.  He and Mike had grown up together because their families were friends.  Seeing Mike as the toady junkie to Fazim was revolting to him.
 
"Dude his eyes are gone", growled Jeff, "Like the light has been sucked out and all he sees is shit really far, far away."

"Yeah that's terrible", I muttered shooting into my foot..."Poor Mikey."  

I would have to find a new spot soon.  One foot looked bigger than the other.  I nodded out.  Later, I stumbled outside and walked 3 blocks to the gas station to buy smokes.

"Hey!", came a voice.  It ripped me from my cobwebby stupor and I looked down.

"Oh...Hey Mom."

"Hey yourself...Are you high?  Jesus!", Mom squeezed her eyes shut and sighed, "Never mind!  Your brother told me...a junkie!"

Mom looked older and smaller than I remembered.    

"Are you coming over?", asked Mom.

"After the funeral.", I said.

"Poor Shea", said my Mom sincerely, "Poor little girl.  Poor little baby girl..."

"Jeez Mom, don't cry", I said walking towards her.

"I'm OK!", said Mom, "Just come over!  Please.  And bring what's her face if you want."

And she was gone. The gas station cashier stared at me in disgust as I bought cigarettes and left.  On the highway was another dead cat people kept running over to pump gas into their cars...

"Wake up!  Wake up please!  Oh my god!"

Voices so far away.  Then chest pain.  Then water.  Then what the fuck..?!

I woke up and Jeff was straddled over me.  I was wet and Jeff was bellowing like a madman..and he slapped me!  My skull whipped back I saw Kym curled up on the floor screaming.

"What the fuck?!", I yelled.

Jeff stared at me.  Then he grinned and bear hugged me.  Kym uncurled herself and tackled us on the floor.

"Your aliiiiive!", yelled Jeff.

"Oh my god!", screamed Kym weeping.

"What the fuck is wrong with you people?!", I yelled.

"You were dead!", said Jeff.

"The fuck I was!  I was asleep!  Get off me!  Jesus!"

"No baby you were dead!  You were snoring weird and...", babbled Kym.

"I always snore goddamnit!"

After the shock of seeing my mom wore off I went back to Jeff's and found Kym and Jeff passed out on the floor.  I took a little from Jeff and a little from our stash, cooked up another shot and put it in my arm.  The sweet spot vein where I planned to get a cool tattoo to hide the tracks and then...Nothing.  A genuine black hole in my memory recall.  Emptiness.  

I did feel pretty weak and my heart is tripping out but death?  No way.  Not me man.  Always in control...  

"What time is it?", asked Jeff.

"Fuck!  We're late", I yelled after noticing it was 10am.  

"Late?  Late for what?", asked Kym.

"Shea's funeral!  You know why we are all gathered here?", I said while grabbing my bag.  Maybe I could smoke some before we got there....

Stragglers to funerals are usually the interesting lot and we were no exception.  Kym forgot to wear a bra and left little to the imagination of the grievers while Jeff chose to wear his usher uniform from his old movie job.  My jeans were still wet from when Jeff threw ice water on me so I wore a spiked leather jacket with flannel pajama bottoms.  We looked like disrespectful degenerates but were too wasted to understand why people hated us.

This was my first open casket.  That doll in the casket was NOT Shea.  It was this pathetic shell surrounded by flowers and modern day detritus like Ray Bans, cassette tapes, CDs, candy, candles, yearbooks and jewelry.  

When my turn came I closed my eyes to the sight and thought: Shea- This is fucked up.  I wish you were here.  I love you and...

And what?  Shea died because she chose to ride with some dumb drunk asshole from a bar.  No seatbelt thus her body was shot into a rocky ravine via the vicious laws of physics.  Instantly altered from Alive! to very, very forever fucking Dead.

So I pictured her in an age long gone...when high school was everything.  An arcade in a mall.  Aladin's Castle.  You could smoke inside then so pizza, popcorn and cigarette smells swirled through the air conditioning as a jukebox played Separate Ways by Journey.  Ahh Shea.  I remember that one Tuesday afternoon...  

You knew I had a girlfriend when you challenged me to Joust.  We were what?  13?  I thought an arcade token was the bet but knew nothing of women.  When I won you snatched back the token and took a step backwards smiling - My brain went Wow - look at that!  Look at her dancing eyes and Wow those lips...then you stood on my shoes...I was in your power.  On your tip toes you reached up and kissed me...

Just another moment in the lust of high school hormones but Shea how sharply etched it seems now that you are gone!  And when I die Shea...that moment will be forever gone...Fuck.

And then I walked out of the church, into the parking lot where Jeff and Kym shared a lumpy cigarette.  I took a hit and smiled.  There was more than just tobacco in that smoke.  My mom waved at me across the way.  She yelled something about a lasagna and I nodded.  Then I muttered, "Lets get the fuck out of here."  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30u0yt/dead_cats_dope_and_a_funeral/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-30 20:18:01, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 18
TITLE: Losing your shit, POST BODY: Jesus I just spent 2 hours looking for a pill I dropped.  I dropped it but had to go so I looked really quick and then left.  When I came back I crawled around on the floor (try that with a torn meniscus), debated if I was going crazy, ran through the drop angles and physics of plummeting pills, wondered if a cat or insect would take it...and then I found the damn thing in my shirt pocket.

GULP., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30vj2g/losing_your_shit/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-03-31 14:15:21, # COMMENTS: 9, SCORE: 35
TITLE: Gangster for a Day, POST BODY: I have always been lucky to be surrounded by interesting people.  Some of these guys are natural storytellers and the late night bullshit sessions we had in bars were pretty entertaining.  This one is from Clark about his buddy who was visiting.  Not sure if it was New York or Boston but I went with New York because that's where he is from. 

This is an honor, I kept telling myself.  An honor.

But I was sick in New York and living with 2 Chinese guys that didn't speak English.  We were all here as interns for the engineering exchange program.  Being back in the dorms after living in an apartment was depressing.  No drinking, no smoking, no noise after 10pm.  Fuck.  All there was to do was study and work.  

So I called Clark, the only guy I knew on the East coast.

"Naw, I 'm stuck here man.  I got 3 wisdom teeth coming out.  So no man.  But my cousin's out there...You want that number buddy?"

Hell yeah I wanted that number.  This was how I met Benny.  I was warned he could be a bit...overbearing.  But at 19 you tend to just go for shit.  So I called.

Benny pulled up in an Acura Integra all shiny and red.  He got out, grabbed my hand and then hugged me which I found offsetting but I went with it.

"So you're Clark's friend eh?  He told me about you", said Benny lighting up a smoke and seemingly unconcerned he was double parked in front of the university.  

"Yup."

"You're from San Francisco?  They got good shit out there or what?"

"Yeah."

"You know any fags?"

"What?"

"You know queers and shit.  I heard San Francisco's full of fags."

I smiled.  This was the third person I've met out here who asked me if I knew any homosexuals because I was from San Francisco.  

"Sure."

"Alright San Fran, lets hit the road.  Clark said you wanted some stamps...Hey you're a big dude.  How tall are you?"

"Like 6'2 maybe."

"Tell you what, ride with me, I'll show you the city, buy you lunch and toss in a couple freebies.  What do you say?"

I should have said, "I have class!" or "No thanks!", but I got in.

We drove almost 30 minutes through various neighborhoods.  New York was kinda dingy and grim looking.  Lots of old buildings decaying with new ones sprouting right next to them.  There did not seem to be much thought in planning and new construction blotted out the sky.  We pulled up to a small park.  A well dressed guy in a business suit approached the car.

"Alright man, don't speak to this prick.  Just stare at him ok?"

"What?  Why?"

"Just do it, it'll be funny."

So I stared.  The guy came up to the car and looked inside at Benny.  

"Hi Benny, sorry to make you come out here..."

"You got it?", asked Benny.    

"No not quite yet...Oh is this your friend?  Hi!  My name is Don!  Don Jenkins!", said the man thrusting his hand at me.  

As instructed I just stared at him

"Ok...", said Don, "Look guys..."

"Coming back tomorrow Don", said Benny, "Don't make us get out of the fucking car ok?"

"Yeah.  Uh sure no problem...", said Don as we sped off.

"Hah!  You see that prick?!  Told you!", laughed Benny.

Next Benny handed me a crumpled McDonald's bag.  

"There's nothing in it.  Just put your hand in it and keep it on your lap", winked Benny as he drove up to a group of college aged kids in front of a coffee shop.  A guy with a ponytail jogged over to the car.

"Heeey Benny!", the guy said.

"You got it?", asked Benny looking very angry.

"Well...", said the guy.

Benny looked at me and then at the bag.  The guy looked at the bag and his eyes got huge.

"Yeah man, let me go get it!", said the guy backing off.  He handed me a roll of cash which Benny took.

"Thanks!", and we drove off.

Now I was getting worried.  This was kind of fun but getting more sketchy.  Benny didn't seem too worried about anything.  He smoked weed in front of cops, parked anywhere and screamed obscenities to people he knew on the street.  Some in greeting and some as threats.

"Alright bag trick again.  But with cash...", said Benny counting bills into the bag, "This looks professional.  Just hand it to him when I say so."

"Uhm..."

"Don't worry man, we're almost done.  You'll like this one."

The biggest white guy I have ever seen stood outside the car.  He had Slavic features and spoke heavily accented Russian English which Benny seemed to understand.  He passed a garbage bag into the car.  Benny opened it and I could see 2 handguns.  Dear God...I thought.  Benny nodded at me.

"Pay the man."

Meekly I handed over the bag and the man accepted it without counting and walked casually away into a laundromat.

I did get my lunch but could barely eat.  In fact I had the shits from sleep deprivation, dope sickness and heart pumping primal fear.  In the dorms I did some bumps and felt better.  But hell, I never ever used that number again.
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/30yjs3/gangster_for_a_day/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-01 11:41:50, SCORE: 2
BODY: I'll check that out as I am a voracious reader.  

Sorry for the confusion but this story was told like 20 years ago to me and some details were lost like where it took place.  I just loved the thought of this naive guy ending up as muscle for a thug.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-02 11:44:46, SCORE: 1
BODY: Actually....

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-02 13:56:02, # COMMENTS: 13, SCORE: 34
TITLE: My Witchy Girl Has Shiny Eyes, POST BODY: My witchy girl has shiny eyes.

The key I held is her's alone and sunk into her depths.

Beautiful is the soul where I go to drown.



-Morbo's Lament #663



Kym wasn't from around here.  If you pressed her she might say Persia.  Hanging out with this bleached blond barely ever evoked any exotic or foreign feelings but every now and then Kym would surprise you.  Like her supernatural vibe.



"At first, the gods made us perfect...", Kym whispered.  



Her face glowed mysteriously over the candlelight.  We had neglected to pay the power bill and the last 3 nights had been dark ones.  Normally we would go out to a club or a bar.  Anywhere with people, lights and life.  But tonight the clouds dumped freezing cold rain over the city so we huddled hush hush quietly within our gloom.  



"And then they grew jealous!", Kym cried dramatically.  Her wide eyes stared into the darkness and mirrored the flickering flame.  



I could hear the slightest hint of her far away foreign accent.  It was hypnotic and her scent had a touch of myrrh which made me think of her desert blood.  I swear could hear tiny jingling bells in the downpour.  This was the spell my woman cast when she wanted attention.  She was a natural storyteller from days long past but she was also a beautiful modern day American woman.  Tall, thin and curvy with a predatory feline stare...Hell I wanted to screw her so badly but stupid Jason was there gaping at her with his mouth open like a child.



"But why were they jealous?", he asked.



"Because the gods are beautiful.  They know all pleasure!  And...every sin.  When they saw us in their image the gods suddenly knew fear and doubt.  And so...", she said reaching for a cigarette and lighting it in the flame.


"And so what...?", asked Jason leaning forward.



Kym had this hypnotic way she smoked cigarettes where her lower lip hung open just a little and the smoke would swirl there for a second before she would suck it into her lungs.  She tapped her smoke, arched her eyebrow at Jason who looked spellbound for he had never seen this side of Kym.  



"And so they took a part of us...a little piece of you.", she said exhaling, "This is why we are not complete.  This is why you feel empty Jason.  This is why you try to fill your emptiness with light, with love...with heroin!", she breathed at him tilting her head and bringing her face perilously close to the flame.



"Get the fuck out of here!  Jesus you're a fucking trip!", laughed Jason as he scooted away from the candle and Kym.



And then came the knock.



Kym narrowed her eyes suspiciously and looked at me.  I could see apprehension in her eyes which was rare as nothing seemed to phase her.


"Don't open it!", she warned.



"Naw its OK.  Its just Melo and Dev.  You guys asked for H and here it is!", said Jason getting up.



I chuckled.  The darkness and foul weather was getting to us.  Kym looked rigid as the wet couple walked in.



"Dark", smiled Melo who came in.



"Hi.", peeped Dev following behind.



Melo and Dev were our park connect.  When the dealers weren't answering Melo could usually middle man you a bag.  The small price to pay was the bags were probably pinched and he wanted to get high.  So we did.



We all smoked off foil except Dev who rolled up a filthy sweater to reveal a scrawny pin poked arm.  We watched her prep a shot.



"Go easy Dev.  Easy...", cautioned Melo.



"I am", she snarled as she tied off her arm.  



"Babe can you come here...?", said Kym walking into our room.  



Everyone looked at me so I smiled and shrugged.  The hall was pitch black but I could sense her in the dark.  Then her face appeared next to mine.



"I feel it again...", she said.  



"What?"



"You know...It", she whispered, "Death.  Death is here..."



Kym had pulled this on me a few times.  We have scrambled out of clubs, hopped off trains and refused to get into cars.  I figured it was her version of a panic attack but she insisted it was not.



"I'm not leaving our apartment!", I said.



"No.  Make them go.  It's Dev", she said holding my face and whispering into my ear.  "There is a shadow over her...It is here.  With us.  Now..."



"Not making them leave Kym.  Its raining!"



"Death is following her!", hissed Kym as I walked away shaking my head.



In the living room Melo and Jason played cards.  Kym stayed in our bedroom.  I sat down and looked at Dev.  She was nodding out on the floor.  She was a tiny thing.  All mousy, bedraggled and wet from the rain and fog.  Her eyes snapped open as if she knew I had been staring at her.



"Do you have any juice?", Dev suddenly asked.  Her childish voice was monotone and sounded like a toy doll.



"No.  Sorry."



"I like juice.  Fresh juice.  Apples in Fall...", and then her head slumped forward again.  



The flickering candlelight  gave her shadow the illusion of movement.  It seemed to bend and sway as if it was trying to tear free from her slumped body.  She was so still.  Concerned, I nudged her with my foot.



"Apples in Fall...", she muttered again looking at me for a second.  A moth floated gently through the space between us.  I felt cold.



"Jason!", said Kym from the hall, "Come here I need to show you something!"



Jason looked at me.  I got up with him.



"Jason make them leave please.", pleaded Kym.



"Why?  Its raining and we're playing blackjack...", said Jason.



"Fuck that!  Get them out!  There is a shadow!", she said.



"C'mon Kym", I laughed.



"What is she talking about?", asked Jason quietly.



"It's one of her things", I shrugged.



"You don't believe me?  I tried to go to sleep but its too dark.  Like the bad dark!  Cold dark!  And then I heard her!  Dev's mom!  I think she's dead and knows whats gonna happen!"



"Get the fuck out of here!  What are you talking about?", said Jason stepping back.



"I heard her mom crying in the dark ok?  She said something like 'Baby please stay there...keep away from us!  Stop coming here!  Stay home baby!  Home!'", yelled Kym hysterically.  



"You guys OK?", said Melo walking into the hall.  He looked concerned as Kym was crying.



"Hey Melo", asked Jason, "is Dev's mom still alive?"



"No.  She died when Dev was a little girl."



Jason turned white and looked at Kym.  Then he looked at Melo.



"Sorry man but you guys have to get out of here...Now!", PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/318016/my_witchy_girl_has_shiny_eyes/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-02 15:05:56, SCORE: 3
BODY: My friend was from the east coast.  Get the fuck outta here!  Is his way of saying Excuse me or WTF?!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-02 18:03:28, SCORE: 3
BODY: Your right.  Too many same words.  But she was a bit of s snake...

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-03 12:37:46, SCORE: 1
BODY: I'm not too superstitious but when I am around people like you who are so adamant about some feeling they have....I go with the better safe than sorry approach.  Some stuff you just don't mess with.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-04 22:33:53, SCORE: 4
BODY: Fuck all and go with your feelings.  You are good so you shall be good later as well.  This is the WORST place to ask as we chime in with horror WD stories.  

If you can suck down 3 beers today -tomorrow you can have 6 for the bunny or the Lord or whatever.  In my opinion you are All Clear.  Go forth and be free my friend.  I envy you.  



COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-04 22:45:57, SCORE: 1
BODY: I like the smiling figures as sheep clouds -looking on phone so no great big picture view.  


But are they truly happy ?   Or is the burning red background indicative of Hell?


Regardless of purpose I truly enjoy.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-04 23:09:56, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 48
TITLE: Easter on drugs, POST BODY: Many of us sit awkwardly with relatives or loved ones this holiday weekend for The Lord.  Or at least so kids can look for eggs and candy from the giant rabbit monster thing.  

Bless All of you.  When people hassle you say Have you heard the news?  He has risen !   Then stare at them until they go away.  Then snort some oxy.  Or fix up a shot. 

But stay sane people.  Do it for your ma or the kids or your brother's kids.  Do enough to get the grin going but no nodding off before ham!   It would ruin the Instagram and Facebook shots.  

I love you guys.  You read my terrible stories, some of you now PM me thinking I hide secret weird stuff in my stories and others just say they enjoy.  Good enough for me.   

Be excellent to each other and Happy Waster.  That's Easter but fuck this phone.  
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/31hnlf/easter_on_drugs/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-05 02:07:54, SCORE: 10
BODY: Did the rabbit tell you that?   He follows me and paints the yard with flowers.  If you see him do not make eye contact.  That rabbit will fuck your up son.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-05 12:33:24, SCORE: 3
BODY: This is what Easter is all about.  Uncomfortable time spent with family!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-05 14:16:31, SCORE: 1
BODY: I do want a do a holiday one soon.  There was always some kind mother who was willing to take in all the leftover kids in college for the holidays.  It was my first experience seeing the so called normal nuclear families together.  Some of my friend's parents basically taught me how to act normal because my family upbringing was like....different.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-07 00:23:49, # COMMENTS: 7, SCORE: 18
TITLE: Pain VS Getting High, POST BODY:  I have real knee issues that will probably include future surgery but until then I limp.  I get weak ass oxy but alas-this is not a negotiable street market but rather kindness from a concerned physician.  

I suck up the pain and limp all day so I can make it back home and take my daily dose all at once after a few beers or cocktails at a bar or restaurant.  ahh...almost a great high.  oh and I can get good seeds for PST so I make a cup of this foul brew to boost my oxy.

this is minimal compared to most of you or the appetites of my past junkie self.  I do believe I had my dope animal under control but goddamn if legitimate injury opens the fucking door...Funny how fast opiates claw back into your life through legitimate means.  

Maybe its my tolerance or my junkie past but pills and PST is Meh.  

The H beckons - BOOM!  BETTER STRONGER HEAVEN!

I crave a line of pure China white about 2" long and thick as a Spring caterpillar...I would break it into 3 bumps, wet my nasal passages and go right nostril, left and right and Ahhhhh fuck yeah...oh and top it off with another long forgotten vice - a Marlboro light cigarette...

But I must resist.  If you know H like I know H...a line leads to a rig one way or the other.  Economy, desperation or circumstance.

Like ghostly whispers from my past or the arousing caress of an ex-lover...but hell, I don't have to tell YOU do I?, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/31puc4/pain_vs_getting_high/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-10 14:10:44, SCORE: 11
BODY: Think of the poor bastard who has fiending for his fent when the walls started to breathe....

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-10 16:07:34, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 34
TITLE: Stealing, Bleeding, Being High and Low, POST BODY: I have never been good at fighting but I have a short temper and an archaic sense of cosmic justice...So basically I get my ass kicked a lot.  I kinda remember Kym screaming, me smashing a beer bottle into some guy's face and then a pulsating, flashing mind fuck memory of trying to curl up on the floor as my ribs, skull and spine were kicked and punched repeatedly by a ring of bellowing psychos.  And in my own damn apartment surrounded by my so called fucking friends. 

After the cops left Jason busted out the drugs we stole from our guests when he yelled "Cops!  Run!"

We rummaged through abandoned jackets and purses and found $126, smokes, weed, coke, heroin and even acid.  Jason tossed the cash to me for rent.  As usual we squeaked by.  Everything was due in 3 days and now I was actually ahead.  I said nothing about that because I was the asshole dumb enough to have rent and utilities in my legal name.

Much like my personal stash of drugs (not the fake one I let Kym pilfer) I had to hide this money from the paranoid and creative junkie minds that knew there was cash somewhere.  Hiding it under the computer cost me $35 bucks.  The clever wall plug panel was a $40 loss.  No use ranting and raving about it.  Kym and Jason have perfectly blank, angelic faces.  

So I found a new place.  Fuckers.

Kym was carving a mohawk out of Jason's long, stringy hair.  His hair was blue a week ago but now faded into a toothpaste/algae green.  I held frozen peas to my swollen head.  Blood and icy water mixed with the black mascara Kym painted onto my eyes in an Egyptian/zombie theme.  Red and black ichor dripped down my arm.  

We snorted the drugs.  The night grew softer and kind.  Love filled our hearts as I relaxed within the bubble of my insanely high brain.  The TV is beautiful.  I was raised by TV because my mom was always gone.  I had no idea what we were watching but hell -life is good.  The jerk I hit with a bottle was forgotten like the cops.  Sure I still remembered his friends because my body bled and ached but Jason's bumps of H with coke melted away this rude reality... And now my aura began to glow nuclear bright.  I was drifting into the cosmos.

A rattling noise came from far away.  Like seeds in an empty pod.

"You ever feel like there's another world just beyond this one...", wondered Jason as Kym shaved off his long locks of hair.

"Yeah", I sighed because I could feel it right now.  "I think the other world is a spiritual plane..."

Then I heard the noise again and looked around.  But there was only the TV so I melted back into the couch.

"Did you guys take that acid?", asked Kym as she squinted to focus her eyes in order to keep the mohawk straight.

"Oh yeah....", said Jason reflectively.

"What the fuck is that noise?", asked Kym as the rattling turned into a faint tap tap tap.

Jason and Kym stalked into the kitchen warily.  

"Its down there", said Jason pointing at the cabinet under the sink.  A faint girlish giggle can from inside.

"What the fuck!", said Jason opening the door.  

A tiny doll of a homeless street kid emerged.  Dev.  Her hands were covered in blood and some of it was smeared on her face.

"Are you OK?", asked Kym.

"Just hiding", smiled Dev standing up.  

"From the cops?", I asked.

"No no no.  The Drowned Boys", said Dev in her weird flat doll voice.  "The Drowned Boys walk tonight.  One was here."

No one liked Dev.  Her mind had been so far gone for so long she was a pain to deal with.  Usually her boyfriend Melo watched over her but tonight she stood alone and bleeding in our kitchen like some lost circus freak.  My glowing high was fading fast looking at her.  Her tiny, frail frame was layered in sweaters and jackets but her eyes were wild things.  Always so far away and gone.

"Ok well we gotta get going", said Kym who hated her because Dev gave her the creeps, "So you need to use the phone?  Call Melo?"

"Or a bandaid?", I asked though Kym glared at me.

"No.  I am protected by blood.  You people though...you walk with Drowned Boys.  You need to open your eyes...", Dev droned.  Then she walked out our door.

"Fuck me!  Look at this shit?", said Jason from the kitchen, "We got any bleach or 409?"

On the cabinet door where Dev had hidden herself was a circle drawn in blood.  Four trailing smears of blood from her tiny fingers clawed downwards from the bottom of the circle.

"I swear she cannot ever come in here again!  There is something so fucking wrong with that chick...", said Kym covering her mouth as blood dripped from the circle.

"Lets go get a drink", said Jason as he snorted more bumps of coke and H.

I fixed Kym a few bumps and did some as well.  The coke propelled us to move and the surreal soft focus of the LSD made the room wobble like we were underwater.

"Man that was Satanic shit", said Kym as she sprayed cleaner over the bloody symbol.

"What is she talking about?  Who are the Drowned Boys?", Jason asked helping Kym wipe up the mess.

"Who cares?  Dev is insane and Melo is a Saint.  The real question is who has money for drinks?", I asked looking at Jason who grinned.

"What about up there in the light?", said Jason innocently looking at my latest cash hiding place which was the light right above us.  Fuck.

"Hey it OK", said Jason soothingly, "You just aren't good at deception!  But the light is pretty obvious for one thing no one dusts and look how clean that fucker is!  Maybe try your math books next time?  Or a rock outside?"

 On the way to the bar we passed by Dev who stood in a phone booth.  We walked by quickly hoping to avoid her eyes.  But Dev never acknowledged us.  She just kept whispering into the phone, "Hello?  Hello?  Hello?  Hello..?", PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/325waz/stealing_bleeding_being_high_and_low/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-11 03:27:30, SCORE: 3
BODY: The last time I saw Dev she was alive but that was a long time ago.  The Dev I use in stories is a composite of people and weird things I experienced or heard about.  The amount of chemicals we used definitely affected my perceptions but there times when people like Dev made you feel like supernatural shit was going on.  But like I said we were all really really wasted.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-11 22:20:36, # COMMENTS: 9, SCORE: 33
TITLE: Withdrawal Hell Dreams, POST BODY: The fog whispered by the diner window as I stared into the streetlight glow of San Francisco.  Jason sat across from explaining why stealing things is part of the American Dream and Kym nestled into my side and stroked my back.

"Like TVs and shit...", said Jason, "You know how many TVs this country throws away every fucking day?"

"Oh babe I love you sooo much...", murmured Kym rubbing her face into my chest.

"You guy's can't be here.  You need to order", said the waiter blandly.

"I've been trying to order", I said.  "I'd like a coffee."

"No them.", said the waiter looking at Jason and Kym.

"I'll have some Coke", smiled Kym as she sat up straight.  "Oops, I mean a Coca-Cola!"

"Nothing for me", said Jason, "I'm not here you know?"

The waiter left.

"What a rude little man", said Kym settling back down against me.

Mr. Maru walked slowly by the window.  Kym banged on it and waved.  The mask he wore in public was black material and faceless but he could smoke his long filtered cigarettes out of it.  He neither waved or acknowledged Kym.  He just slowly walked into the diner and sat down at a table far across the room.

"Why is he over there?", shrugged Jason.

"Jason!  I think I see Caesar...", warned Kym.

"Oh he's OK.  Caesar is cool.  None of that stuff matters anymore right buddy?", said Jason looking at me with me with a weird smirk on his face.

I had no idea what he meant so I looked out the window again.  The fog completely obscured my view.  The traffic and streetlights were hazy glowing orbs receding into the distance...

"Hey you guys holding?", I asked hopefully as the dope sickness was in me.  "Man I would love an oxy..."

But Jason was gone.

"I think Jason has some oxys from Melo's guy.  He'll be back.", smiled Kym rubbing my arm reassuringly.

The waiter came back instead.  No coffee.  No Coca Cola.  I began to sweat and shiver.  Muscles are one thing but now my bones ached.

"Hey where's my coffee?  Or her Coke?", I demanded.

"Why?", answered the waiter.  "She doesn't need anything."

I looked at Kym who shrugged.

"I'm gonna see if Caesar or Mr. Maru have any oxys", I muttered while standing up unsteadily.  

I felt dizzy.  The room wobbled and warped as if viewed from inside a goldfish bowl.

"You're going to leave me babe?", asked Kym in a worried tone.  "Again?"

"Be right back dear", I smiled as I walked unsteadily across the diner.

All these people.  Who were they?  No one familiar.  The floor was unsteady and bouncy like it was rubber.  Outside was the blackest night.  When I got across the room I couldn't find Caesar or Mr. Maru.  I looked around at all the strangers eating and drinking in red vinyl booths.  Where did they go?  I tried to walk back to Kym but she was gone...Maybe I went the wrong way?  I walked back but all around me was nothing but strangers in red vinyl booths...

I found an empty booth and sat down.  The waiter came over.

"Where did my friends go?", I asked.  Inside my heart I felt a sadness that echoed of things long past.

"It's only reserved for you", snapped the waiter who walked away.

"What?", I said.  But the waiter kept walking so I yelled, "WHAT THE FUCK YOU SAY?!"

"Hey!  Hey wake up!  You're yelling again!", came her voice from the dark.

A light switched on.  I was home.  I looked over at my wife who looked at me with a concerned look on her face.

"Jesus look at all that sweat!", said Sharon mopping my face with a towel.  "Are you sure you're Ok?"

"Yeah.", I sighed, "Just gotta shake this flu.  Do you think you can get me a glass of water please?"

"Sure honey", yawned Sharon while rubbing her eyes.  It was 2:30am.

When she was gone I reached beneath my mattress and found the canister.  I opened it and looked inside though I knew the contents by heart.  There would be 1 whole pill and a half pill.  I put the half pill in my mouth and chewed.  Though it was a lie-I felt relief spiraling over my sweat soaked bones and the nausea was pushed back.  This half wouldn't get me high but I would feel it.

I looked over at my phone.  My phone showed the text.  Jesus, I could text him and be done with this madness.  Or...I could eat a third of that other pill tomorrow morning and limp into Day 4....Fuck I feel so sick.  So cold and angry that it has come to this.  Again.

Well?  Sick for another 2 or 3 days?  Or just answer the text?

I answered the text as my wife came in.

"You'll beat this bug!", she smiled reassuringly, "You're strong!  Lets change the sheets because you have soaked through them!  Wow and gross honey!"

"Yeah", I muttered as I put down the phone.  My shame felt cold like the sweat soaked t-shirt I wore.

I now felt fine and rested on crisp new clean sheets.  My wife kissed me which was nice because I know she is terrified of catching my so called flu...Oh well.  Hopefully she never catches what I have.  Never.

I've seen too much.  It hurts too much.  One of these days I must finish this thing.

When the light snapped off I quietly open the pill canister and eat another half., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/32artb/withdrawal_hell_dreams/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 04:15:01, SCORE: 3
BODY: I don't know. It's like therapy and creative release all bundled up together.  It's like shouting down a well and then hearing someone reply.  

Thanks by the way.  People on this sub are really supportive.   

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 12:50:01, SCORE: 2
BODY: No.  I manage an administrative division in a soulless corporation.  

One day I wrote a third person
narrative on my way home.  People in this sub were very receptive and kind so I just keep releasing little scenes.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 13:15:27, SCORE: 1
BODY: Yeah I have had SOs that used their super charm powers on me for evil.   I think I wrote about this ex I had in this sub.  She dealt meth and was basically the devil.  I would be in WD and would wake up all crazed and feverish and there she is-staring at me while prepping a shot.  "You want?", she'd smile.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 21:41:47, SCORE: 1
BODY: I don't smoke.  It is bad for your health.

But that vape shit doesnt do the cancer any justice.  The best way to harm yourself is to get a pack of Marlboro Lights box (the healthy choice).  Pack that box SMACK SMACK SMACK-wrist snaps mofo!  Now for the devil-take one out and flip it over for good luck.  Then take out a freshly packed glorious nail and light it with a match.  The scent of the burning sulphur a moment before it ignites the paper which curls instantly before touching the chemically soaked cancerous tobacco...Ahhhh fuck me it is divine.  To this goddamn very fucking day I MIME smoke cigarettes when stressing out.  

To be 100% honest - There are days where I would kill any of you in front of your parents for a Marlboro Light. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 21:51:40, SCORE: 3
BODY: never mind those dope fiends comments - Is that "Taking Care of Business" Mark Grace?   

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-12 22:07:39, SCORE: 0
BODY: You sir have defaced a National treasure.

well...if you are a Cub's fan.

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-14 13:48:38, # COMMENTS: 35, SCORE: 42
TITLE: Cold Copping in the Park - Was That a Real Cop?, POST BODY: I saw the far off pearly white glow of the planet nestled in the inky blackness of deep space.  I knew it was a planet because the first thing you learn in astronomy is that if it does not sparkle it is not a star.  So beautiful...glowing like a jewel in the cosmos.  Am I looking through a telescope?  Why is Jason here?  He is not in my astronomy class.  He's an art school dropout.

"Dude wake up!  C'mon he's chasing the guy!  Let's go!", urged Jason helping me up.  I looked around and keeled over.  My balance was shot.  Sky, trees, grass and park all rolled past me as my head wobbled.

Jason dragged me down the path.  I left a trail of blood on the ground from my nose.  Dot.  Dot.  Dot.

"What happened?", I asked.

"Well he took your money if that's what you mean.  I told you to put it in your boot", said Jason pulling me through the bushes to a sidewalk and then across a street.  

There were people here.  They stared at us.  In the reflection of a Cinzano's Cafe I saw my face.  My nose was puffy looking and blood oozed out.  The guy eating an egg and pickled peppers sandwich inside looked at me with disgust so we kept walking.

"Do you really think that guy was a cop?", I asked.  My voice sounded funny and thick.

"Lets hope not", muttered Jason as he lit a cigarette and helped me down the entrance to the BART station.

"Man this sucks!", said Jason puffing away angrily.

"Yeah", I agreed, "but at least we got away.  And maybe my nose isn't broken..."

"Not your nose!  The fucking heroin man!  We got nothing!"

I made a mental note not to share any painkillers with Jason that I might get from the school doctor and got on the escalator.  Jason jogged down the stairs and the wind from the train tunnels lifted his hair and jacket into the air like wings.  I leaned against the railing of the escalator and held my swollen nose. 

Students of my university try really hard to look gritty and urban.  It's the effect of this city.  Like a giant pulsating heart, the city takes in ideas and personalities and pumps them through it's vast historical chambers.  Like a virus, this alters the very DNA of the idea and molds it to fit into the culture of the city.  This place changes you.  But the people who grew up in the city can always spot the students.

Students look a little too healthy.  They glow brighter with nicer teeth and wear expensive mall clothes.  Students also make easy targets because most students have money.

We were on the other side of the park.  Not the side where the students played frisbee or where the mother's pushed their baby strollers.  We were on the side were the unwashed masses of homeless kids clashed with the crazies, the pyschos and the drug addicts.  We passed a restroom where a wall had been transformed into an informational board.  All these pictures of missing kids with heartfelt messages to call home.

"Fuck you hear those stories about how someone is preying on homeless kids in this park?", asked Jason as we strolled beneath towering redwood trees that swooshed and swayed beneath a clear blue sky.

"Yeah they found a kid tied to a tree with his throat cut last weekend.  Somewhere 'round here...", I answered looking at pictures of all the missing kids.    

We walked towards the fountain where people congregate.  The smell of ganja and patchouli oil wafted from a crowd of people with shopping carts, sleeping bags and dogs.  They looked like psychedelic gypsies.  

"How are we gonna do this?", I asked.  I had never walked up to a stranger and asked for heroin.

"Easy", said Jason.  "Just need to find a junkie and ask him or her.  Too many hippies here though.  Lets try down there."

"Ok..."

We walked through the park and found some older homeless guys on a bench.  

"Bingo!", smiled Jason, "notice the soda?  Not beer?  This guy likes H."  Jason strolled up to the men who stared coldly at us.

"You guys know where to score any H?" asked Jason loudly.

"Man get the fuck out of here!", yelled the man and he threw his soda at Jason.

"Whoa!  Sorry sir! ", said Jason and then to me, "Lets get out of here!"

We hurried away but another guy followed us so we stopped.  A middle aged guy drinking a beer.

"I can hook you up.  What are you looking for?", he said.

"Bundles.  Would love to make a volume deal...how much can you get us?", smiled Jason.

"I can get 10 maybe 12 right now...", the guy said carefully, "but I need the cash first."

"Nope", I said feeling very street savvy, "we need to see it before we pay..."

"Ok", the guy said fishing out a handful of bundles from inside his jacket, "Now show me some cash.  These are $65..."

"$65?", repeated Jason incredulously.

As they argued I watched a guy who looked like he was an office worker out for a stroll.  But he walked too fast and right up to us.  As he walked by he suddenly lunged at the dealer and grabbed his hand knocking bundles everywhere.

"What-!", yelled the dealer.  The guy held out a hand and pointed at us and held his other hand behind his back near his waistband.

"I am police officer!  All of you freeze!"

So we stood there.  But shock turned to fear as he pulled out a gun and pointed it at us while walking forward.  The dealer took one step back and CRACK! -the guy swung the gun like a club right into the dealer's face.  The blow instantly staggered the dealer who collapsed.  A tooth bounced in front of my boots.

"Empty your pockets boys!", the guy said as he stooped down and started grabbing bundles.

Then I did a foolish thing.  A very foolish thing that explains why my nose is crooked.  I stood up for myself against a man with a gun.

"Can we see your badge?", I asked politely.  

He stared at me, uncocked the gun and put it back in the holster very casually.  He glanced around the park and turned towards me with a smile.  I never saw the punch.

Then I was lying on my back staring at Jason's concerned face.  I wondered if he knew what planet that was orbiting above us in the heavens?

"Dude wake up!  C'mon he's chasing the guy!  Let's go!", urged Jason helping me up.  I looked around and keeled over.  My balance was shot.  Sky, trees, grass and park all rolled past me as my head wobbled., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/32ldyg/cold_copping_in_the_park_was_that_a_real_cop/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-14 20:59:37, SCORE: 2
BODY: San Francisco circa 1994

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-14 21:06:18, SCORE: 1
BODY: Where were you buying?

There was and probably still is a robust heroin trade in the Bay Area.  Tar was huge with the Mex connect but even the Mission guys turned it into powder for the people who believed snorting was ok and no way would I ever inject....the China white, dragon, powder, etc was also prevalent in the club and even hippie scenes.  I think it came from Canada via bikers and Asian gangs.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-14 21:14:25, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thanks.  High praise indeed.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-14 21:19:56, SCORE: 2
BODY: they probably have a different and much HIGHER rate for cash advances.  hey i have been in you situation but listen to financial wisdom from people who understand math - Don't do it man.


COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 01:51:10, SCORE: 1
BODY: I have no idea what that means but I don't watch TV.  

You can still smell ganja and patchouli in the park though.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 01:55:51, SCORE: 1
BODY: Wouldn't that be weird if Kym, Jason and I walked by you and your mom while wandering around the park looking for drugs?

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 12:08:53, # COMMENTS: 36, SCORE: 37
TITLE: Thoughts From a Dealer, POST BODY: I hate these fucking college kids.  Last week a chick OD'd and now plain clothes is walking my streets?  Man...Look at those pigs over there.  Who the fuck walks around here dressed in khaki pants with a tucked in brand new A's t-shirt and baseball cap?  Shit.  This Giants territory asshole.

And the fucking college kids...man they so look like freaks and shit.  Guys wear makeup on their eyes, color their hair like cartoon girls.  All those spikes and leather what a joke!  They wear that look on the outside but have no guts on the inside.  Girls are OK though.  Dig that slutty black depressing look...Plus college students are money.  They get those student loans and rich parents to float that lifestyle.  So I'll go to their parties and their clubs.  I'll shake hands with the assholes and I will definitely take their money.  Everyone needs to eat.

I clock in at 3pm so I miss the morning rush but most of my clients are students so fuck it.  I'm 16 so I can do this a couple more years before I have to worry.  I don't carry a gun and never keep drugs on me.  I use the burrito bag method I got from Caesar.  Get a burrito, just beans and rice no salsa and take a few bites.  Shove the buns inside.  You get popped you shrug because you got no gun and who knows who left that burrito in my car Mr. Officer?

Caesar is the boss man.  We all listen to Caesar because that dude is 100% down.  He is always strapped and ready to go.  Wild stories about that fucker.  If only half of them are true it's best you stay on his happy side.  And only money makes Caesar happy.  

I'm one of the H dealers for our crew, other guys roll out the buds, we got X, coke and meth.  Caesar spends most of his time with the gambling side.  He is supposed to be on supervised release at his grandma's.  She lives above La Llorna - the bar where Caesar works.  Anytime a cop shows up he just goes upstairs to visit his abuelita.  

La Llorna is quiet.  Its a tiny, hole in the wall bar.  A hangout for gangsters but not a party one.  They watch TV and drink beer but nothing rowdy.  Caesar's grandma may be old but she still has good ears.  Caesar is checking out some rings, a necklace and a watch when I walk in.  The guy he is talking to nods and leaves as I approach.  Caesar slides the jewelry in his pocket and pushes the watch out to me.

"Take it man.  Maybe you'll learn to be on time", smiles Caesar.

It was a solid silver watch.  Heavy and shiny.  I never saw anything like it.

"Damn!  You sure?", I asked.

"Yeah man take it.", said Caesar.

"Thanks!"  

The watch feels solid and powerful on my wrist which has only known cheap rubber watches.  I have to remember to take it off at home though because I know what my dad will say if he sees it...  

Caesar slid over my quota in a magazine which I take without a word.  I was still staring at the watch.  I look up and he was studying me.

"Any problems or shit I should know about?", he asks as he reclined back into his chair.

"Well that guy in the dorms keeps upping his orders.  Think I may give him a break if he pushes more for us on campus.  Oh and they want coke too."

Caesar nods.  Coke was not my thing but I added 2 routes in a month and am pulling in good money from the college students.  Who knew those fuckers liked heroin so much?  They snort it so we have to turn our tar to powder which Caesar has started doing to keep up with demand.  

"How much coke?", he asks.

"Same as the buns." 

Caesar grunts and smiles.   "This is a big order.  You keep pulling numbers like this and you will need your own little crew to help.  Anything else?  Who's not paying?"

"Well Uncle Santino...", I began but Caesar shakes his head.  Uncle Santino owns a grocery store and runs the phonecard operation.  Caesar uses his market at night for card games and stores shit there. 

"Leave him.  Who else?"

"Just that college student Jason.  Never around." 

"Let me tell you about people like that.  You gotta catch him with his friends because he doesn't give a fuck about himself.  He is too far into this thing to care about threats.  But if you kick his ass in front of his friends-someone will probably pay."

"Alright."

"You know what?", smiled Caesar broadly.  "You have a lot to do and don't have time for this.  I'll take care of it.  How much does that bitch owe me?"  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/32pcwd/thoughts_from_a_dealer/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 14:29:36, SCORE: 2
BODY: My takes come from like 20 years ago when I lived there as a scholar junkie

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 14:30:11, SCORE: 2
BODY: And yes fiction.  I never dealt and only abused.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 14:33:17, SCORE: -9
BODY: What's up your ass?

Sorry but I like your name.  Are you my new I'm cooler than you because I do harder drugs guy?  

If only I had no idea my life probably have less complications.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 15:51:06, SCORE: 5
BODY: No worries.  This piece is terrible I just wanted to try and write something from their perspective.   

I visited SF last year and was amazed at the transformation.  Like no Candlestick.  Giants fans look respectable these days.  Great new park though.  It so polite there though.  I miss the crazy guy in tie dye Giants shirt screaming drunken gibberish at the Dodger fans.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-15 20:53:35, SCORE: 6
BODY: This is a work of fiction based more than 20 years ago.  It is poorly written on a phone and took about 15 minutes while waiting for my connect flight boarding.  

But damn.  It hit a nerve.  I can't figure out why.  You always get the technical sticklers on posts and the usual angry hater types.  But in my opinion there was not much here.  It was just kinda boring.  I always write about people like me growing up so I wondered what if I try to write about that nice young man that sold us drugs?

But writing is a new foray for me so I really dont know much about it.  I do it here because the DOCs in my 20something period were opiate based.  Some worm tracked down I did one in writing prompts just to see what sober people thought.  They thought nothing.  So I guess you win internet buddy!

for the record Some of this is true, some not.  People are based on reality.  Events happened but are either glossed over or enhanced based on how much time I have writing them.  There is no such thing as a selfless act so I do this for ME.  Way cheaper than therapy and fun.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-16 13:09:28, # COMMENTS: 34, SCORE: 45
TITLE: The New Miracle Pill, POST BODY: There was a fight in the street.  Actually it was more of a beating.  3 high school aged kids kicked a waiter who rolled up into a ball as they unleashed on him.

"I'm calling the cops!", screamed the owner of Far Cafe.  

This had little effect on the scene.  Sunny faced children laughing beneath a cloudy sky...angelic expressions with murderous intent.  Two cracks to the skull and the waiter went limp.  One spit on him, yelled something in Spanish and then they all casually walked across the street, got into a car and drove away.  It was Tuesday in the Mission.

In the window of Far Cafe I could see Kym sipping a bowl of soup.  Turkey Minestrone and a Half Sandwich for $6.00! - proclaimed the billboard outside.  Though sunglasses hid her eyes from me, the glazed over expression and mechanical movements spoke volumes.

"Hey", I said sliding onto the stool next to her.  Kym slowly looked over at me and smiled her dreamy high on something good smile.

"Hey babe...back from school?", she asked.

"Yeah.  Just a break though.  I need to research a better model for my stability of matter paper."

Kym stared at me blankly.

"Are you speaking Chinese or something?", she asked seriously.  Soup dribbled out of the corner of her mouth.  I took a napkin and wiped it off.

"I need some inspiration.  You got anything?", I asked.  She fished through her purse and handed me a box of mints that held no mints.  Instead there were these pills I had never seen before.

"What's this?"

"Perks.  Ari got me some.  Said its like prescription heroin.  I don't know about that but its pretty fucking good..."  She spoke slowly as if deep in thought, shrugged and went back to her soup.

I popped 2 and drank it down with her Sprite.  Kym stared at me with her mouth open.

"I said go snort it babe.", she said.

"What?  No you didn't.  You asked me if I was Chinese or something.  I should snort it?"

"Yeah.  Go.  Use my bullet..."

So I did.  15 minutes later I sat next to Kym eating her half turkey sandwich and watching all the cops outside.

"Whoa this is like TV."

"Yeah those kids kicked that guy's ass for weed.  Can you believe that?", said Kym.

"Shit that will be Jason soon if he doesn't stop messing around."

A plain clothes cop walked in with the owner and looked at us.  

"You guys see anything?", asked the cop.

"No man.  We just got here", I said.

"You sure?", asked the cop again obviously not believing us.

"Yeah."

"Terrible!", said the owner going back behind the counter.  He handed the cop a diet Coke.  "The fucking drugs are killing this neighborhood!"

Kym looked at me, put her two fingers to her head like a gun and whispered, "Bang, bang baby."

I mentally classified those pills as an OK high.  But Kym must have ate a lot.  She was floating a good 3 feet above her body wearing that feral cat grin she gets when she's really feeling it.  We reached the corner and I was going to walk back to the bus so I could finish my papers.  But  Kym started shouting some Persian gibberish at a homeless guy who asked us for a dollar.

"Yanno fuata morrarai!", she growled at him while stalking forward her chin thrust out and teeth bared. "Quetah?!  Quetah modo mastaka?!"  Her head snaked back and forth like a cobra as she advanced on the baffled looking homeless man.  

"Get away you fucking demon bitch!", yelled the man falling backwards.  

I dragged her away and she started giggling like a little girl.

"What the fuck Kym?", I asked.  "What the hell are you saying anyways?"

"Oh I don't know.  Don't you ever speak the languages of all your dead ancestors that walked before you?  Hmm..?"

"Ok I'm taking you home", I said.

I forgot about the library two blocks later as the pills entered my bloodstream.  Time slowed as a euphoric wave washed slowly over me.  Huh.  Well that feels nice.  

"Like honey dripping over your bones...", said Kym to the trees and the sky and the city.  

At home I cleaned up the mess from a party a few nights ago and drafted my research paper.  Kym had a bong hit and played PaRappa the Rapper.  This damn game annoys me to no end but right now the music didn't bother me at all.  Kym was amused and hell, I felt perfectly fine.  In fact, I felt great.

"Hey Kym?  What's Ari's number?"

I knew Ari in the dorms.  He is a med student but a chemist at heart.  Ari was a great source for clean LSD.  I got Ari to sell me a bottle of perks and went downtown to meet him at McDonald's.

"Yeah my cousin can get boxes of this stuff", he said between bites of fries.

"Boxes?"

"Yeah.  Also a lot of guys I know get free samples man!  Fuckin' Berkeley medical program YEAH!", yelled Ari pumping his fist like an annoying frat boy.

"What is this stuff?"

"Its called OxyContin I read the papers on it.  Its a opioid alkaloid they synthesize for mass production.  A new pain relief product."

"Like what?  Morphine?"

"No better buzz.  Maybe heroin?  I don't know.  Every douchebag has their opinion but man it feels good eh?  Plus its waaay safer than heroin.  That shit will kill you bro."

"This won't?"

"Well if you took the whole bottle anything would kill you.  But these perks are easier to control.  Take 1 or 2.  Mellow out, chill.  Maybe another later?  But that shit you guys snort and smoke?  Who knows whats in there?  These little babies are blessed by the FDA."  

"Wow."

"Hey you drink beers with this stuff yet?  You get a little energy buzz like coke but with a sweet body high...", sighed Ari.  "And they are great for coming off psychedelics."

"Kym looked pretty wasted.  She was snorting them..."

"Oh yeah?  Snorting?  I gotta try that.  Hey I gotta go.  Anatomy in an hour.  But no worries man!  Like I said I read the FDA statement.  This shit is safe!  Enjoy my man!  Enjoy!"    

Note: Before pill finder or the collective wisdom of the internet some people called oxys -Perks.  Now I am beginning to think it was probably short for percocet which was quite popular and considered strong.  So calling an unknown drug after an established one makes more sense but hell, I always thought it was Perk - Like Perk you up buttercup., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/32txtf/the_new_miracle_pill/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-16 13:41:30, SCORE: 15
BODY: I almost married her. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-16 19:25:42, SCORE: 3
BODY: thanks but i love this sub.  so many posts here remind me of shit i have gone through or go through that i feel a strong connection.  plus even the trolls or the guys that downvote every post are awesome when you're high.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-16 19:26:30, SCORE: 1
BODY: shit i dont understand half of it either.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-16 19:30:03, SCORE: 0
BODY: do you sleep on your left side?  i do.  i think i crush my heart with gravity and body weight.  nodding off in this position makes we wake up sore.  but anyways i also exercise and sometimes things like pushups can cause funky strains which you dont feel because your high.  but later...ouch.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 00:01:27, SCORE: 2
BODY: well to be fair my friend - i took anything in front of me during these years.  sure i was a bit of an addict and knew daily WDs.  yes I plunged too deep into needles and shit but this was SF and i had a lot of hippie friends.  the grateful dead still had jerry garcia and the psychedelic scene was HUGE.  and that stuff can last for days if you are foolish about it.  it was a lovely time because you had these mohawk punks eating peyote while flower child grandma from the 60's was trying out MDMA.  so a lot of my time was surreal.  things were always moving around and when i closed my eyes.  you know the white screen before a movie starts?  i saw 8 bit nintendo characters going forth to conquer new lands and thought WOW what a preview!  but among all this nonsense and drug abuse were people and that is what i love.  it is an endless story when people are young and life just sorta rolls out before them.  


COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 00:10:01, SCORE: 2
BODY: thanks.  writing is a great release for me and the feedback i get is almost as nice as...well yeah. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 00:55:01, SCORE: 3
BODY: is there a generic oxy? 

buying from randoms has always been hit or miss.  had a great legitimate connect for awhile.  factory labelled bottles.  sure it could have been faked but why bother?  the other ones (like that $1 per mg crap) has never really panned out or been worth the $.  

probably why heroin is blowing up in suburbia.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 02:43:28, SCORE: 4
BODY: Ahh the horror.  That was one of the first rhythm based games that solidified the fact I have no rhythm.  The worse was that frog that sounded like Shaggy.  

In the rain or in the snow 
I got the funky funky flow

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 02:54:24, SCORE: 3
BODY: A similar effect was felt in places where they cracked down hard on marijuana growers and distributors.  Drove up prices and killed supply so when cheap meth came in it blew up big time.  

And like our friend heroin, meth not only replaced weed it quickly became the DOC

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 13:06:31, SCORE: 3
BODY: I hope your not the bus driver but this would explain why your late.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 13:59:40, # COMMENTS: 9, SCORE: 39
TITLE: Stolen Car Blues, POST BODY: "Look at you two little pussies", smirked Carl from the rearview mirror as he took a sip from the beer between his legs.  He made us both sit in the back so he could keep his lunch on the passenger seat while we drove around.  "Jesus are you wearing makeup?"

"No", I said but then I thought about it.  Kym was doing something to my face while I was laying on the couch but I was too high to care.  "Maybe?"

"FucknA bro" said Carl after a whistle.  Then he turned around and gave me a serious big brother look, "Your lucky mom's not here to see this."

I sighed.  This was going to be a long day.  

"Why do you guys dress like that?  Like biker queers?"

"I'm bi actually", said Jason raising his hand.

"Don't talk to me.  If your dumbass knew how to lock a fucking door it wouldn't look like I'm taking two faggots out for a Sunday drive.", said Carl gnashing a bite from his Togo's pastrami sandwich.

"Carl why are so macho?", asked Jason in his innocent guy voice.  I elbowed him to shut the fuck up but naturally he couldn't help himself, "I mean you ARE the sexy buff guy that always takes his shirt off in public.  Not me Carl.  Is this a cry for help or maybe...attention?"

"I take my shirt off for surfing and fighting!", growled Carl, "And shut the fuck up."

We were an odd trio driving down 26th Street in Carl's 1971 Mach 1 Mustang.  The universe may seem like a random chain of events but there is always an underlying current of logic and order.  Or so I thought.

I borrowed mom's car because I had study group meetings all over the bay including peninsula suburbs unreachable by BART or Muni.  This was legitimate and mom sanctioned it.  But Jason also borrowed the car to steal things, buy things and sell things.  Jason stuff.  But I find it is best to stay out of his affairs so I never ask.  

Regardless, on Saturday morning around 3am - Jason parked mom's blue 1983 Dodge Dart on our street.  We spent Sunday HIGH and when we looked out the window...the car was gone.  We filed a police report like good citizens and then I called mom.  

There is no God because Carl was there mowing her lawn.  He grabs the phone from mom and tells me to "Grab your faggot ass friend and gear up!"

"When we find the car we go as a team ok?  Just follow my lead.  Oh and I have a bat, golf club and a shovel for weapons.  None are illegal yet all kick serious ass", said Carl.

I don't need this.  My high was long gone.  Jason was coked out so he could banter with Carl but fuck I was getting sore and twitchy.  I didn't bring anything because if Carl caught me with drugs he would take them away and then punch me.   

"Ooooh!  Oooh!  I get the golf club!", said Jason raising his hand again.  "It's only fair.  I was on varsity golf!"

I stared at Jason with deep loathing.        

"Right on Jase!  Good call", said Carl seriously belching beer fumes, "I want the shovel.  It's like a bat with a metal skull slapper.  Bro you get the bat."

Carl gunned his muscle car engine at a bicycle messenger that dodged and weaved through traffic.  The Mustang engine sounded like a dinosaur growling low and then BELLOWING as the tires started to screech.  I hate this stuff but Jason got into it.  He whipped off his shirt, leaned out the window waving his golf club screaming, "THE DARKNESS COMES!"

"Shut the fuck up!", said Carl.  

We drove around.  It was useless.  I knew enough about the city to realize mom's car would either be chop shopped or ditched by now.  Chop shop was for good cars.  A 1983 Dart was not a good car. 

"Fuck I gotta piss", announced Carl.  

We were in Hunter's Point by the waterfront park.  This is not the place for white people in a muscle car.  Carl parked like an asshole across 3 spots, told us to relax and went off to piss in the park restroom.  As soon as he was gone Jason pulled out a bag of heroin.

"Oh hell yeah", I said as he chopped lines on Carl's Black Sabbath cassette tape cover.

I got four good snorts when I heard Carl burst out of the restroom.  So Carl.  Never open a door when you can KICK it open.  Good eyes on my big brother.  No way he could have seen it but when he saw Jason staring as my head was down snorting heroin.  Oh he knew.

To his credit, he kept his shirt on.  But he was on us in an instant.

"Out!", he barked yanking the back door open.  

Why didn't we pretend to pee and do this in the restroom I wondered as I staggered out.  But fuck...who cares.  The Pearl Dragon powder is best in tiny bumps to allow maximum absorption...I had 4 bumps right before Carl punched me.

"Junkie fucks!  Losing mom's car!  I bet you fucker sold it for drugs!"

I was used to this.  The beating would be savage as brothers never pull punches but I knew he would not kill me.  I took a couple shots and went down gasping.  The throat punch was the worse.  But Jason...Dumb bastard ran.  Carl surfs every day, works construction and can outrun a deer.  Baseball bat in hand he caught Jason by the edge of the shore and thumped him.  I was content to lay in the broken glass of the parking lot but Jason's screaming made me get up.

"Carl!  Stop!", I coughed.

Jason was floundering around the mucky shoreline in duck shit and weeds.  He held his face and his ribs as he limped back to the car.  Carl made him dump the heroin into the muck.  Then he found a hose on the side of the building and washed Jason off who cursed and yelled.

"Shut the fuck up!  You're lucky I don't leave you here.", said Carl aiming a blast at Jason's muddy black leather jacket.

I looked down on the ground.  Almost 3 grams.  I felt sick inside as my mind wondered how much duck poop, cigarette butts and broken glass can you eat to get high off of some of that?  

And then we went to Taco Bell.

"Hey I've been hit with a bat...like once I think in Little League.  Its not that bad right?", he said eating some nachos.

Jason's head was swollen from Carl punching him and probably only the narcotics pumping through his blood allowed him to sit upright in front of his uneaten taco.  Even from the parking lot I heard the crack.  Broken ribs are a bitch.  Jason glared with his good eye but had the sense to nod.  He had learned the hard way about my brother.

"Fuck I guess this was a bust", sighed Carl sipping his soda.  "Poor mom."  

I wiggled my loose tooth, spit the blood into a napkin and shrugged.  

"Maybe the cops will find it...", I said.

Two months later Carl found mom's car.  It was parked at Tower Records.  He called mom, got the spare key, opened the door and drove away.  The new owners took great care of the car.  The muffler rattle was gone, new brakes and a stereo with a CD player.  Oh and a baby seat, diaper bag and stuffed animal raccoon.  Carl that big sensitive guy threw all that stuff in the garbage before he drove away. , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/32ycr2/stolen_car_blues/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 20:49:38, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thanks!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-17 20:57:31, SCORE: 3
BODY: you know...not to trip you out or anything but if that keeps coming back you may want to see a specialist.  my partner had something called an anal fistula.  started out with recurring abscess issues.  man i learned way more about ass problems than a man should ever know on our last conference call flight.

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 02:31:38, # COMMENTS: 34, SCORE: 67
TITLE: See You On the Other Side, POST BODY: Reality and schedules festered in my mind.  Chemistry and physics papers loomed over me.  The semester was drawing to a close and it was time to deliver.  So how I am preparing?  Jason shot me up for my second time ever on my hand.  A bandage discreetly covers this from Kym.  

I did H and coke bumps with Kym before we went out to see some band.  How was the band?  Who was the band?  Hell if I know.  Then more drugs.  Mostly coke but I am faaading.  I melt in this chair guarding Kym's purse while she gets drinks.  Kym always gets the drinks.  Busty thin girls wearing corsets get great bar service.  Whoa I am nodding...so I pull out my Gameboy and start playing Pokemon to focus.  Must level up my Abra.  Psychic pokemon are the best.

A beer slams in front of me and I look up.

"Hey Kym..."

"Don't hey me!  Who the fuck was that?", she demanded.  I have a vague recollection of an old childhood friend...Oh yeah.  Did that just happen?  Yes it did.

"You mean Jenny Svoboda?  I knew her in high school...", I said.

"Did you see her chatting him up in front of her boyfriend?  And what's up with that hug?", piped in Jason smiling evilly at me.

I shook my head at him.  

"Now Jason..."

"I gotta take a piss man.  Just keep watching Kym's purse and playing your Gameboy hotshot", he laughed as he walked away.

I looked up but Kym was gone.  So I went back to Pokemon and thought about life.  Pathetic.  3 years of school and now I am failing AND becoming a junkie?  I have 2 quizzes tomorrow and I'm playing Pokemon in bar while high on heroin?  What kind of a man am I?

"Hey relax bitch!" came an angry male voice.  

I looked over.  Kym was menacing my old high school friend and she had one hand in the pocket of her black leather jacket.  I got mesmerized by the graphic on her leather for a second - A woman staring through a glass and half her face was a skull.
 
Jenny's companion was a tall, nordic looking clean cut guy.  The kind of guy that looks like a tourist from Kansas compared to the freaks in a San Francisco bar at 1:30am.

"Yeah please take it easy ok...?", said Jenny meekly trying to smile.  

"Bitch I'm going to carve your fucking face off and wear it while I stomp your skanky ass!", screamed Kym. 

Crap.  I looked in Kym's purse and her little black combat knife was gone.  So I stood up.

"Whoa!  Who's this guy?", exclaimed Jenny's friend as he zeroed in on me.

I stood there helpless.  Staggered under the sheer weight of the shot and the bumps...heroin is not a good fighting drug.  I needed way more cocaine for this shit.  My mind raced.  Save me brain!, I commanded.  Defuse this situation...the guy's fist pulled back and CRACK!  

Jason sucker punched him.  Quarters fly through the air leaving beautiful silvery trails before they bounced and splashed across the bar room floor.  The guy collapses into a table knocking it over as drinks and ashtrays spill across the dance floor.  Now there is much screaming and yelling.  

"Fuck my laundry quarters!", says Jason.  Then he shakes his hand, "Fuck my fucking hand!"

People circle around us staring.  Kym grabs Jason, pulls him towards me.  "Grab your Gameboy and my purse we gotta go!", she says.

The guy Jason hit with the roll of quarters was unconscious and bleeding.  The bouncers tried to make us stay but we bolted out the door.  Running was amazing.  I felt like I was flying above the pavement...

"HEY!", yelled Kym, "Come back and get in the car!"

Kym peeled out and floored it across two side streets and made for the bay.  We pulled over into a Denny's parking lot to get high.  But I was already floored.  

"C'mon babe!", said Kym still ignorant about my new shooting habit.  She laid out several bumps on a Bauhaus CD case.  I felt guilty.  We don't have many secrets between us.  So shooting up with Jason?  This was an ugly future fight but please not now.  I'm way too high.

"Naw.."

"Well I want some", said Jason helping himself to a bump.  Then he dumped more coke out and added to the piles.

"Why not?", said Kym, "We didn't have much.  Or did you guys sneak off without me...?"

"Here take it with some coke", winked Jason, "It will even you out."

So I did.  My heart felt strange.  Rather than beating, it now wobbled and THUMPED.  This was the heaviest I have ever felt.  I freaked out for a moment...and then bliss cascaded over me with a sigh.

"Ohhh fuuuuuck...", I moaned.

Then the car was moving.  As I came back into focus I heard the Eagles Greatest Hits.  With her purple mohawk and pierced nose, Kym did not look like an Eagles fan yet she knew every song by heart.  Life is contradiction.

Streetlights shot by like celestial bursts of star struck madness.  Billboards glowed like galaxies.  I flowed through this cosmos.  A timeless creature made of love.  I looked at Jason.  He was curled up in the back seat.  Great guy.  I love Jason.  I looked at Kym.  Kym is all my love.  All.  My whole being aches for her smile.  Watching her now fills me with love.  Watching her dance and sway both hands in the air as she hypnotizes me with her ancient erotic charms is...Wait a second.  How the fuck is she steering the car?!

WHAM!

And we kept going.  Suddenly I was totally awake.  Jason kinda groaned and twitched.  

"Did you hit something?", I asked looking around.

"Yeah", shrugged Kym.  Now both hands were on the wheel.     

"What did you hit?"

"Car."

"A car?"

"Yes I hit a fucking car!  Shit!"

"Shouldn't we stop or...", I asked.

"Yeah thats a great idea", said Kym sarcastically, "Lets wait for the cops.  We'll exchange info!  Oh but I have a suspended license!  Jason has warrants, oh and we have felony drugs were probably ID'd for that bar assault..."

Jason pulled himself up and croaked, "Kym you are the Devil's daughter."

"Go fuck yourself Jason. We need to get home.  Now."

She swerved around around a van waiting to make a left turn, narrowly missed a car coming the other way and gunned it straight down familiar streets towards home.

Home.  Inside Jason disappeared into his room.  He winked at me and I knew.  The needle.  This was sad.  We all used to snort or smoke and talk in the living room.  Now needles changed the ritual.  Needles were dirty.  Private.  Things to hide from the light....I went in our room and collapsed on the futon.  My soul was heavy as Kym walked into our bathroom to wash her face.  Fuck it.

"Kym..."

"Yeah babe?"

I sighed, lit a smoke and she walked over and looked at me.  I looked away and took a drag.

"I shot up twice.  Sorry I never told you...", I sighed.  

I looked up and her eyes were studying me, searching.  So I met them.  Our souls connected and this was not the drugs.

Without a word Kym started stripping.  First her tight jeans.  Then socks.  She shrugged off the heavy leather jacket though our unheated room was barely 55 degrees.  She unfastened the corset, tossed it aside and slipped out of her silk panties.  She stood before me nude.  I marveled at her perfection.  This is why the sculptors in ancient Greece used young girls when they created a goddess.  For a goddess stood before me.  

And then I saw.  Her arms...her hands.  Pin pricks.  Red tracks cursing her perfect skin.

"When?"

"Don't blame Jason ok?  I made him promise."

"Its OK Kym.  But..how?  Did Jason get needles?"

"No!", laughed Kym, "I went to the park to meet Dev and Melo for some weed and the needle exchange van was there.  Dev gets her shit there so I went in and this nice hippie guy hooked me up.  Tiny ones for hands , bigger for arms...Sorry babe.  I wanted to tell you..."

"But how long..."

"A month?  More?  Fuck are you pissed or what?", she asked.  Tears framed the Egyptian mascara design around her sea blue eyes...

"No."

We hugged and she cried.  Relief.  Truth is so liberating.  But another truth loomed.  Needles were an inevitable end of all things good.  

"What do we do?", I whispered in her ear.

"Do?", she sniffled looking up at me.  "We enjoy.  We push it to the wall like always.  We go all the way...But when it's time to come home - promise me you will take me with you?  Ok?"

"What?", I asked confused.

"You are strong enough to stop.  You do it all the time."

"Kym we can't be like this forever..."

"I know I know.  I want more too.  Maybe even kids I don't know...", sighed Kym.  

Then she slid out a box of tampons from her drawer and took out a makeup bag.  Inside was a surgical tubing, rigs and empty bags I had never seen.  I sat down next to her.  With practiced ease she cooked up some tar, tied me off and gave me my first arm shot.  Fuck...I sagged into the pillows of the futon.

Kym was still naked as she cooked up the next shot.  Her eyes were fixed on the concoction she brewed within the silvery spoon.  Her eyes did not waver as she tied herself off.  Tubing clenched in her teeth she stared at me.

"See you on the other side."  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/330ebv/see_you_on_the_other_side/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 03:46:21, SCORE: 3
BODY: People are real but the sequence of events are switched around for brevity.  Some post on this sub was about someone shooting up for the first time.  I tried to remember when I first did but couldn't.  But I do remember confessing with my girlfriend.  

Oh and the bar fight was half true.  It was really Reno way back when they actually gave you quarters.  My friend punched a guy who has a cup of quarters and I remember them tumbling through the air.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 03:47:33, SCORE: 7
BODY: Hah thanks.  Now get back to work.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 04:51:08, SCORE: 3
BODY: In my experience people who do drugs are filling holes in their life.  Maybe you know people who drink or perhaps eat too much.  Same thing just way more intense.  

Maybe there's a generation gap or cultural difference between you two but we all live in the same world.  

Just keep trying.  You are doing a noble thing.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 13:11:58, SCORE: 1
BODY: Heh I have more than a few of those stories as well.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 13:50:08, SCORE: 3
BODY: thanks.  its therapeutic to crank it out but i am definitely starting to appreciate people who write for a living.  quite a discipline.  reading my old posts VS now shows my brain is slowly adapting to the rhythm of words.  its fun and so far writing about it has kept me from revisiting the Big H...

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 16:45:44, SCORE: 1
BODY: Not exactly recovery...more like control.  Unfortunately I am one of those life time opiate abusers.  Trying to keep the dragon under control is my struggle.  I've cut off most of my H friends which worked for awhile.   But now with dark nets I have even more temptation.  So maybe I should keep writing...

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 17:01:00, # COMMENTS: 17, SCORE: 55
TITLE: Difference between being high and not, POST BODY: Me at a restaurant:

On opiates:  hey darling can you get me another schooner of Pale Ale?   Thanks!  By the way your new haircut looks good.  

Sober:  silence-content to sit and wait for  waitress.  When she comes meekly order beer but never mention haircut for extra smile.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/332h77/difference_between_being_high_and_not/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 20:06:04, SCORE: 7
BODY: Unlike a lot of the script fakers here you have legitimate pain.  Pain killers exist for you.  It sounds like you are serious about going forward in a sane manner. So Yes. Go see a doc.  If you can't trust yourself either tell the doc (I wouldn't ) or get one of those time safes for your prescriptions and only use them as directed.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-18 22:07:22, SCORE: 5
BODY: store it in your brain, analyze it and use it in an easy social setting like a bar or cafe.  practice.

i know what you mean.  but i can do it sober when i have to.  opiates just make it easier to radiate charm and be THAT guy.  hell, i want to be THAT guy when i am high because everyone loves THAT guy.

my real self is an introverted hermit who would rather observe and comment from afar than participate.  my current lifestyle does not allow me this luxury.

but sober, i can fake it.  life is bullshit and we are all actors.  THEY know it and use it.  you should too.


COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-19 13:16:17, SCORE: 6
BODY: Reddit.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-22 01:07:04, # COMMENTS: 14, SCORE: 42
TITLE: Junkie Hospital Pain, POST BODY: People.  All around me.  Sadness.  People.  Worry.  People smiling.  People staring.  Comprehension gone.  Nothing makes sense here.  And Death.  Disguised faces of loved ones as they reflect upon Death while chanting Don't worry, don't worry.  I walk this hallway staring at everyone like a freak.  Doctors or priests.  Inside the hospital after a certain point there is little difference.  

Please save her I pray.  Me the man of science who does not believe in your gods.  Please Jesus, Allah, God, Buddha, Satan.  Please.

She left me you know.  No word for about a month.  But Kym...when her sister showed up at our place and told me the cancer caught up I was selfishly relieved.  My fear was she OD's anonymously in some room somewhere in the city.  I am selfish with my fears but at least I would get to see her again.  And when she awoke with a gurgle while trying to swat away the tubes her eyes met me and melted.  She wept with joy as the nurses put the tubes back in.

Jason saw her last.  Told me the strange tale as firemen walked through our apartment.  He saw flames through the windows and ran up the stairs.  Kym stood before the the curtains which burned brightly.  A goddess of the flames with her arms outstretched as if to embrace the inferno.  Jason is crazy but not Kym crazy.  He grabbed the fire extinguisher.  Burnt walls and burnt furniture.  The smell lingers.  A memento of our presence together.

And now I stand above her.  She whimpers like a terrified child.  Kym is the strongest person I have ever known.  Her body twitches.  Because this is the best hospital money can buy people are content to stand here and observe this pain.  These doctors are experts.  They know best.  

This is so fucking wrong.

I know Kym.  All those holes in her arm.  All those angry red fucking dots marking the trail to the an unsustainable lifestyle...How far can we push it my love?  Plunger only goes down so far but it always points to Hell.  Down, down, down.  Fuck this.  Fuck the world.  

And you!  Goddamnit Kym!  Why didn't you tell me?  I went down the path of our life like a blind fool.  I never knew how sacred time was or how real pain can be.  Why?  We share everything from blunt needles to secret smiles...why?  Was it because there is nothing I could do?  Well I can always help you carry the fucking stone.  I know it's heavy because now I see you as you truly are.  A fragile creation sunken in this bed with metal handles to keep you from rolling out.  Tubes leading in and out of your body.  Tubes keeping you alive. 

No wonder you went punk.  No wonder you shaved your head.  No wonder you shaved all our heads.  Jason and I don't look that strange here in the cancer ward.

Your lips that I drank from...a thousand nights of pleasure.  Now so dry and pale.  Fucking hospital is so cold and dry.  But I sit here in this chair beneath the TV that is eternally on.  Waiting.  Maybe soon you will open your eyes again?  Please..?  

But I am not your husband nor a relative so I can't stay here.  They kick me out after visiting hours so I sleep in the lounge.  Jesus fucking Christ Kym.  How many times have you woken up in the dark alone?  

Your dad is like stone.  We never speak.  Your sisters weep and they can make me cry talking about you....I haven't seen your brother yet but his wife and daughter come.  Your mom hates me but she is my ally.  She lets me stay because she understands.  

And miraculously - you awaken.  Unfocused eyes blinking.  I say your name, touch your hand.

"Babe...", Kym croaks through dry lips, "Tell them it hurts me.  It hurts...."

"Oh my baby girl!", cries her mother touching Kym's gaunt face, "Khadja!  Khadja mommy is here!  Mommy is here!"

Kym's eyes burn into me.  I feel her pain and fear...

I pounded on the nurse button until someone comes.  I meet the nurse by the door and lead her outside the room. 

"Look we both use heroin.  We snort it, smoke it and shoot up.  Maybe a half gram a day.  Maybe more?  Look at Kym's arms.  She says it hurts because of her tolerance...", I plead.  The nurse touches my arm and smiles.  

"I know.  We saw the holes but Dr. Cratham is in charge...", said the nurse.  I sensed hope because she was actually listening unlike the doctor.

"Please tell whoever you need to tell...I can hear her whimpering in her sleep!  She hurts.  Please listen to me...I know Kym.  She hurts bad...even if she can't tell you!  Please.  Please help us", I begged.

"Ok. Ok.  I know Dr. Samuel is more open to cases with...recreational angles.  She could be having withdrawals...Ok.  I'll see what I can do", said the nurse looking at Kym in the bed.   

Sometimes the junkie prayer is heard.  Kym told me later she heard a lot more than we imagined.  Laying there immobilized yet in pain and fully aware as doctors shrugged and nurses stuck to instructions.  Alone and mute she was a prisoner.  But because I wouldn't shut up they helped her.  I was torn thinking we would go to jail for drugs VS she is whimpering in the bed.  Luckily these doctors did not judge and stuck to their oath.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/33g3iw/junkie_hospital_pain/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-22 11:55:24, SCORE: 7
BODY: I know right?   


But I went back to that part of me and remembered how scared I was.  When I was in junkie mode I thought I didn't care about anything.  But man I was wrong.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-22 12:01:52, SCORE: 4
BODY: Thanks.  I love my Reddit therapy.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-22 12:07:04, SCORE: 5
BODY: It's sad when they tell people who are in pain they can't have painkillers.  Most agree with the doc and suffer.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-22 21:42:44, SCORE: 2
BODY: Persian.  So maybe Iranian?  But her family did not identify with Iran.   She made it seem like they were from the area but not of the political majority.  So...she was of the desert by blood but 100% USA by culture.   

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-23 00:34:17, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 37
TITLE: Great Party Except the Blood, POST BODY: We were at one of Mr. Maru's parties.  We saw him earlier dressed in a white tuxedo with a tropical orchid boutonnire.  His entire head was hidden in a white beekeeper's hood.  He smoked through the veil with his 2 foot long silver cigarette holder.  Though I have been to many of his parties and bought drugs from him I have only seen his face twice.  

"Do you like art and color Kitten?", asked Mr. Maru who always called Kym Kitten.

"Sure", smiled Kym.

"Then please enjoy the punch at the buffet", he said with a slight bow.  If you listened closely you could hear a trace of a Japanese accent in his English.  

The vegetarian buffet was staffed by Hare Krishnas in apricot colored robes.  No shoes in the hall so we tossed our combat boots into the pile of dress shoes, loafers, high heels and sandals.  You had to be purified to enter so we washed our hands and feet in silver vessels.  The monks serving food both answered any questions you had about food and blessed you.  At the end of the line were 2 crystal kegs of fruit punch.  Both had ice and chunks of sliced tropical fruit.  The only difference was the keg on the left had a rainbow painted skull and crossbones sign.  We drank from that one.  

We sat with all the other guests on thick, Persian rugs.  Ornate silver hookahs stood as conversation pieces.  Trays of flavored tobacco and hash were available.  As a poor student I could not believe this.  Kym caught me eyeing the hash and gave me a look.  

"We're guests", she said while grimacing after a swig of the rainbow punch.  "Show some class."

Chandeliers with real candles and gaslight torches illuminated the space.  I sipped my rainbow punch.  Nasty.  Bits of fungus and god knows what else went down rough.  Barefoot waiters in tuxedos came by taking drink orders so I ordered a Mai Tai and Kym asked for a root beer float.  This was turning out to be an amazing date.  Kym's face framed in the illumination of flames was a mystical sight.  The psychedelics kicked in.  

But there was a third wheel on this date.  Addiction.  We shot up before we came over.  This no longer felt dark or mysterious.  Shower, shave, shoot and put on clothes.  We were high as we wandered into Mr. Maru's Victorian mansion.  After dinner we walked in his tea garden.  3 people dressed as ninjas stood beside a pagoda in the middle of his koi pond.  They blew huge marijuana bubbles that wafted towards a crowd of delighted guests.  Kym followed the crowd trying to suck weed bubbles before they floated away.  

I saw Neela our neighbor.  She wore an emerald green sari with orange trim and looked like an exotic flower from a land far far away.  She winked at me as she stepped behind a gazebo decorated with strobe lights.  I followed.  In this flashing madness she offered me a spoon of Mr. Maru's fine white Dragon Pearl.  The rush burst over me.  For a second I felt myself peeling away from my body...I shivered and sat down on the grass.  Fuck.  Heroin.  Good.  More.  

When I was able to form the words I looked at Neela and asked, "Can I buy some?"  

I wandered around the warehouse looking for Kym.  Some maniac was welding a metal cyclops and people were gathered around the flying sparks cheering.  Across the floor past the giant graffiti murals I saw her.  She stood at the entrance of a bright green Chinese dragon.  Sculpted from paper mache, the dragon was over 8' high and it snaked a good 30 feet through the warehouse.   Inside it I could hear demented, cackling laughter.

"Don't go in there", whispered Kym leaning in to kiss me. "They go in but no one comes out..."

I stood there by the dragon's mouth and looked at Kym.  I forgot why I was here.

"What's in your hand?", she asked.  Oh yeah.

Went into a bathroom to do lines.  Whatever was in that punch made me slow and sloppy.  Powder was everywhere.  Some of it coke, some heroin.  We should do more coke.  Wait?  Is this coke?  Or heroin?  Kym smiled at me as I scooped up the whole mess and dumped it in a bag.  Time out. Do over.  The coke bag had a twisty tie and the heroin one Ziplock...I measured out more coke but no more heroin.  No more heroin.

The coke animated our bones as we propelled ourselves like underwater creatures through Mr. Maru's fabulous mansion of delight.  In a theater room we watched some old black and white horror movie.  After awhile we realized many of the people around us were fucking.  We ate popcorn and ignored them.  The movie tripped us out.  The punch made everything warp and grow rainbow bubbles.   Colors bled into the black and white film.  I realized my mouth was hanging open when Kym poked me.

"I have to leave.  I'm freaking out..."

We found a room and did some more lines.  I wanted only coke but I think we did the mixed bag because I could feel a nod coming.  It galloped from the nether worlds growing larger and more powerful...Kym's voice sounded far away and sleepy.  I woke up and realized she was still talking.

"...the part where she slept in the bed holding the ghost's hand was wrong Babe...just wrong.  And all those people humping during that weird movie.  Why?  Bodies like clay dolls, faces like gargoyles..."

I nod out.

Next the door opened.  Light pours in.  I nod out.  Next a voice.

"You two should leave."

And I nod out.

A sigh.  Eyes straining to open.  Something is happening.  But I am in the Other World.  I can't get back.  I can barely see the Real...and this is what I see:

I see a man in a sparkly purple cocktail dress.  The sparkles from the desk lamp create a maroon 3 dimensional galaxy around him.  This man is sad.  He seems far away sad.  That distant look in his eyes as he stares at the ceiling.  I nod out.

My eyes open.  I see him.  He is slowly putting on lipstick.  When he is done he purses his lips together.  He lights a cigarette and puts away the lipstick.  Then he holds up a gun as he leans back in the chair.  The gun points at his head.

"No!", I croak.  My voice is thick and garbled but my wits start to return.  "No man.  Nope."

He looks at us.  We have nodded out on a couch.  Kym's head is in my lap and I am sitting upright.  And I nod out.

I wake up.  I look and he is staring at us.  He is talking.  I concentrate and hear:

"I'm gonna light those motherfuckers up..."

The guy stands up with the gun but the door opens letting in more light.  A man dressed in a black suit appears.

"Reginald!  Fuck!  Put the gun away!"

"I'm gonna light those motherfuckers up!"

"Don't do this!"

And they wrestle.  A man in an Armani suit and a man in a sparkly purple cocktail dress fight.  With a gun.  I squeeze Kym.  Fuck.  I shake Kym.  The Armani suit guy rears back and clocks the the guy in the dress.  Then he grabs a thick glass ashtray and proceeds to pound the guy's skull.  Fuck.  I shake Kym.  She wakes up for a second.  Her eyes focus on a guy in a suit cracking an ashtray into the face of a man wearing a purple dress.  Then she looks at me annoyed.  She flips over, buries her face in my chest and goes back to sleep.  And I nod out.

"Did that happen?", I asked while fishing out a lighter from my jacket and igniting a cigarette.

"No", said Kym shaking her head slowly as she leaned over and took a drag, "No way that happened."

Kym exhales.  The smoke drifts over chunks of broken glass from an ashtray, cigarette butts and blood.  By my boot is a clump of yanked out hair and an earring with a tiny piece of pink meat still attached to the hook.  The smoke drifts across the room to a closet door.  Beneath the door crack purple sequins spill forth.    

I grab Kym's hand and pull her up.  

"Lets go.", PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/33kcpx/great_party_except_the_blood/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-23 11:59:54, SCORE: 4
BODY: That is a terrible loss.  I am sorry for your pain.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-23 12:03:58, SCORE: 3
BODY: Based on life but edited for content.  Like Mr. Maru had lots of strange parties(think early Burning Man). I wrote about stuff that happened at 2 or 3 different parties.  They seemed so strange but there was always psychedelics so my perception was altered.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-24 01:16:55, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 54
TITLE: Liars, Lying &amp; Getting Lied To or FUCK!, POST BODY: Lies.  You do drugs right?  Then you know what the fuck I am talking about.

First time I was so naive.  "Alright man, alright alright.  $40.  $40 man", said the nice young man wearing a sleeping bag poncho while licking his dry lips and snatching my two $20 bills.  "Wait right here ok?  Be right back man..."

Hah.  It's funny.  But Kym saw him a week later.  She called him out.  Now I knew I blew it.  I was over it.  Portland hippie street kid got me.  Me.  Dumb fucking college jerk.  Live and learn.  But Kym?  Walked right up to him and shoved him.  That one has fire in her veins.  She pulled me in.  When he denied her I had to crack him one.  My friend Stan joined and whacked him with a skateboard a few times.  He bled as he limped away but to what effect?  I was still the asshole.  Now I was just a violent asshole.  Ahh lying.  Part of our game eh?

Yesterday was payday.  Kym and I converted our meager checks into cash at the Indian liquor store.  That fucker lies.  Unlike Kym or most of my friends, I posses the power of math!  I caught him more than once ripping people off with his bullshit 3% fees.  He likes to round that 3% to about 5% if you aren't paying attention.

Most of that cash went to our roommate Paul.  Paul is an awesome force of nature in the city.  Want to know where the party is tonight?  Ask Paul.  Best clubs to get your 20 year old girlfriend in with her cheesy fake ID?  Ask Paul.  Need some weed?  Coke?  How about HEROIN?  Ask Paul.

This is the same plan I have been following all semester.  It's a fucking great plan. 

I jog up my stairs and can feel the excitement building like 2 tectonic plates colliding.  My addiction is waiting for what's behind this door.  It feels like the doorknob will explode when I grab it.  Hey...What the fuck is this? Suitcases and boxes near the door.  Paul peers out nervously from his room.  My stomach sinks into nausea.

"Hey...", he says meekly.  

Fuck.

"What's going on?", I ask.  But I don't really care because the answer is not going to be heroin.

"I gotta go.  Lets sit and talk for a second..."

I follow him in and he hands me a beer.  I ignore it.  He knows what I want.  He knows between me and Kym is about $400 worth of heroin.  Paul rubs his face.  His eyes are red like he's has been crying.  With a shaking hand he lights a smoke.

"Look man...remember that guy I was dating?  The older guy that was married?", he asked.

"No.  Well, kind of...the guy who got us box seats to the Warrior's game?  He's the guy you get X from right?"

"Actually cocaine.  It was coke and rocks and meth.  But I uh fucked up.  Bad.  I owe you and I owe Kym and I am so sorry...", he said and he breaks down and cries.

This is weird.  On the one hand I was 21 and Paul was the first gay friend I ever had.  A real eye opener.  Things like how he would bake us cookies or cry during movies was bizarre to me.  But on the other hand he was a hell of a nice guy.  So much fun hanging out out with Paul and following him in the city.  People loved Paul and the world just opened up whenever he went out.  Drinks flowed, everyone danced and his suave party like there's no tomorrow happiness was contagious.  Eternal debauchery and many many awesome stories.  But on the other hand, Paul was a junkie like me.  And this junkie had $400 of my money.  

And now comes The Story.

"As you know I spend a little more than I bring in", sniffled Paul.  "I was always floating this sum of like $1000 dollars.  I can always move the drugs to cover but I got too deep.  I blame the meth.  Fucking shit drug!", he growled.  Then he pointed at me, here's a tip, "Keep Kym away from the meth.  She likes it a little too much..."

"Ok", I nodded.  This was bullshit.  Kym hated meth.  She loved X.  The thing that blew my mind was Paul was my age and actually HAD a $1000 to blow.  I never had more than $500 and every penny was always spent.

"Anyways I was in for around $2000..."

"What?  Two grand!"

"Yeah.  Moving coke and heroin is expensive.  To get my cuts which I SHARED with you guys...I had to move more than a few 8 balls and many many grams.  All those clubs and bars...its not just a party.  Business too", said Paul stubbing out his cigarette.

"So I owed.  I figured the best way to get paid right away was to...fuck I feel so ashamed!", Paul moaned covering his face.

"What?"

"Jeez why do you think I slept with that old man?  He was a cheap fuck.  Ugly, smelled bad and nose hair.  Ewww.  He used me..."  

More tears.  I wished Kym was here.  Maybe this was a performance maybe it was truth but it was definitely weird.  If I cried in front of my brother Carl he would either slap me or put me in a headlock until I choked out.

"So I came up with an idea.  I would blackmail him.  He was married.  He had kids and that precious job at the airport.  So I left him a message on his work line.  I asked for $5000.  Cash.  I can make your life hell!, I told him.  It can all come crumbling down you coked out faggot!", snarled Paul.  "All you need to do is pay me and we both move on."

He lit another cigarette and stared at me as if challenging me to say this was bullshit.  And he was smiling like a crocodile.   

"The part I screwed up was where he got his coke from...", said Paul.  "This is why I have to go back to Florida."

Paul told me left his threat and an hour later the guy called and said he would pay.  He didn't want any trouble.  So Paul was happy.  They made an arrangement for an airport drop.  Public place...Paul felt safe.  This guy was married and secretive.  He never came over to our place.  Paul always met him in motels or in cars.  

So Paul was shocked when he came home and found a man sitting on our couch.

"Right where you're sitting", said Paul.  "Everyday looking dude.  Jeans, polo shirt, jacket and a Yankees cap.  Just sitting there."

The man acted like he lived here and was drinking our beer.  He invited Paul to sit.  Paul was so shocked he sat.

"Hi Paul Sylvester", said the man.

"Who are you?", asked Paul.

"I am a friend of some people who like to keep things status quo.  Do you know who I am talking about?", asked the man.

"No", said Paul defiantly.  

Paul was ready to call the cops when the man pulled out a handgun and pointed it at him.  

"Jesus I have never seen a real gun!", said Paul shaking his head.

"Do you know who I am talking about?", asked the man again.

"Yes", answered Paul in a small voice.

"Good Paul.  Now I was sent to let you know we don't like your threats", said the man putting the gun down in his lap.  "I was tasked to make sure you know people are not happy."

"I'm sorry...It was a stupid.  I won't-"

"Oh I know Paul Sylvester.  I know", said the man picking up the gun and using it to scratch the side of his head.

"Please...", begged Paul.

"Our friend wants you out of San Francisco.  In fact, it would be best if you left the state.  Go home Paul."

"Ok", agreed Paul.

"You know I can find you anywhere Paul", the man said casually.  "So no more threats.  No more calls.  No more nothing.  You see our friend anywhere...you turn around and you fucking RUN.  Understand?"

"Yes!  I understand."

"I knew you'd understand Mr. Paul Oliver Sylvester from Pensacola, Florida", said the man.  "Well, I've said my piece.  We're done.  Say Hi to your sister Kathy and your mom Janice Mae."

Paul nodded.

"Oh but Paul, you know travel expenses on the west coast are high.  I'm a little light.  How much cash do you have on you?", asked the man.

"So yeah", said Paul to me shrugging, "The cash is gone.  That creep took it all.  I had to give it up!  And I have to leave...fuck!  But he is threatening my family...".  

I stared at Paul.  On one hand he was genuinely scared.  He wasn't faking that part.  I know San Francisco is where Paul wants to be.  He thrives here.  He burns like a neon sign and draws in all the moths to party and love him.  He is in his element in the city by the bay.  

But on the other hand...I am starting my shaky cranky withdrawals.  My heroin connection roommate says he is leaving right fucking now.  Oh and he gave $400 of our money to some thug? Bye bye?  Fuck this.

"How about our rent and me and Kym's cash?  What about that?", I asked.

Paul shrugged and looked annoyed.  "Well I'm sure I'm sorry!  I was afraid for my life!  And I was robbed..."

"Look man", I said standing up, "You have ALL our money..."

Paul acted defeated.  He pulled a bag of H from his shirt pocket.  Maybe $50 at the most.  Maybe.

"This is my personal.  Take it.  Here have some coke too", sighed Paul tossing over 2 skinny bags.  "Oh and..."

Paul pulls out a checkbook.

"I have enough for half today but don't cash the other one until next Tuesday ok?", said Paul scribbling off 2 checks.  Each one was for $200.

"Uhm thanks...", I said holding the tiny bags and checks.

"No thank you.  Good bye and good luck my friend", smiled Paul hugging me.  His cab came and he was gone.  Forever.

Kym laughed when the first check bounced costing me $15.  She warned me not to cash the second one but I did...it bounced.  

Learning is fun., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/33oo2q/liars_lying_getting_lied_to_or_fuck/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-24 11:59:53, SCORE: 1
BODY: Whoops.  This is why no last names. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-24 13:57:04, SCORE: 1
BODY: thanks

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 00:07:35, SCORE: -1
BODY: Lana is a way better brag than those pills.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 00:18:57, SCORE: 0
BODY: we are creatures of habit and delight.  i do not miss what you miss but i have been down that road.  and i still dip my toes in the H waters so...

but back to your point.  for me it is cigarettes.  the whole ritual.  like i would smack the Marlboro Light box to pack it.  I would flip one over.  I would take out a smoke, smack the filter against my zippo or car or watch or any hard surface.  light it...inhale, let the smoke spread out for a second as i pull the cigarette away and then inhale it...first puff out the mouth and rest out the nose.  so sensual.  i still mime smoke when i drive in traffic.

i totally get your angst with the needle.  fight it though.  you have done well to get this far.  pinch your arms, donate blood, go get a flu shot or take med school.  when my wife had an IV stuck in by the nurse she did it so perfect with the searching for the vein, the slight smack to see where the weak point is and quick, painless...i wanted to ask her Hey did you ever shoot H? 

stay strong.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 02:21:54, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 65
TITLE: Lost My Heroin, POST BODY: "Call me Daddy you freshmen fucks!", bellowed Robin who was our crew chief in charge on this fine, filthy morning.  Robin was from India and majored in electrical engineering.  In the bowels of the dishroom, the mechanical whirring drowned out our voices so we could scream and curse as much as we pleased.  Robin enjoyed this.  He had a low opinion of dorm kids.  

"Spoiled little cunt fucks the lot of you!"

It was true.  2 years ago when I was in the dorms I never thought twice about cafeteria or cleaning up after myself.  Swipe your student ID, load up on Peanut Butter Captain Crunch, coffee, toast and eggs.  Steal a donut for later.  When you're done, dump the remains in the trash and place the filthy tray on the conveyor belt.  You never thought twice about the the poor, downtrodden slobs in the dishroom.  

Now I am a poor, downtrodden slob in the dishroom.

"What is wrong with you spoiled, rich godless motherfuckers?!", yelled Robin, "Dump your fucking trash!"

I ended up in the dishroom like all the other poor bastards slaving away in the filthy, greasy, chemical laden steam.  Desperation.  You don't have to make payments on your student loan if you worked at the university.  

"I hope you didn't need this you stupid cunt!", mocked Robin as he threw some poor dorm kid's ID into the trash.

I work between 2 spinning wheels with a conveyor belt running between them.  Trays full of half eaten breakfast slide at me for 3 hour shifts.  Dump any garbage, grab the washer and spray shit down.  Dishes and bowls on one wheel, plastic cups and trays on the other.  The wheels spin in opposite directions so when you're hungover it induces a demonic form of motion sickness.

But unlike half of the crew this horrible Saturday morning I am not hungover.  I am worse.  I am fiending.  Last night we ran out around 9pm or so.  Smoked the last trails of foil and held it in...even passed it back and forth with my girlfriend trying to get the most.  Fuck, maybe the naysayers are right.  Maybe we are wasting it.  Maybe we should get some needles...

So we tried to get drunk and coked out to forget about it...but my body has a great memory.  I woke up Stan on the way to work.  

"C'mon!  I always help you out.  Just a little.  I have to go to fucking work and feel like shit man..."

So Stan relented.  Probably just to get me to go.  He groaned as he fetched his stash while still wearing the same clothes he wore last night at the club.  I made a mental image of where Stan kept his stash- the Italo Calvino section of his bookshelf.  Fucking Lit majors.  

In a crumpled up cigarette wrapper I have what was supposed to be 1 point for $10.  But I only had $7.65 cash.  Fucking Stan taxed me.  Barely enough for a couple lines but I took a tiny bump before I clocked in.  

Yes sir!  I went to work with a smile.  

But now its wearing off.  To soothe myself I sometimes thump my pocket with my rubber gloved hand to feel the plastic crinkle.  Soon...yes.  Then some ungrateful dorm rat SHOVES his tray in.  All the backed up trays get rammed forward dumping garbage and dishes all over our feet.

"You fucking little twat!  You'll never graduate!", screams Robin.

I grab a smoke break.  Most of the guys and gals in the dishroom smoke so smoking is sacred.  You do not deny a dishwasher a smoke.  Outside I puffed with some Russian transfer students.  Surly, silent bunch but a sign of the times.  No more CCCP or USSR.  Now our enemy scrapes filthy dishes side by side like a swell comrade.  I wonder if they can get good drugs in Russia?

Back on the line.  Only an hour more to go.  Before I eat my free breakfast (best part about working this shit job) I will hit the restroom and do a bump of H.  Maybe I'll save some for Kym.  Maybe not.  Maybe I'll fake sniffle, snot and ache like she does sometimes.  

"Next fuckface that spits gum on a tray gets my slip resistant footwear up their motherfucking ass!", yells Robin.

I whack my pocket with my gloved hand and hear NO plastic crinkle.  What the fuck?  Panicked I leave my station to take off the glove for a more thorough search of my pocket but Robin screams, "No more breaks!  Back to your station!"

Everyone looks at me.  They sense my weakness with less than 45 minutes left on the clock.  We are a team and almost done.  I get back to my station.

When the last tray goes through the belly of the beast I tear off my glove.  Fuck!  Paranoia was right.  The tiny cigarette wrapper plastic is gone.  I walk around like a zombie searching the ground.  Nothing.  OK.  Relax, breathe.  Why is it so fucking hot in here?!  Ok lets backtrack...Fuck me!  My smoke break!

I skip the free breakfast and search the back area alone.  This is where we compact trash, recycle boxes, cans and glass.  My eyes search and search.  Nothing.  Fuck.  But any trash by now would be in the compactor.  The industrial square pit of doom.  All trash ends up here.  At the end of the shift someone would close the double doors and fire up the machine to grind up the trash.
  
But now it was open.  Nasty.  All the morning cafeteria and kitchen trash just starting to stink with last weeks rotten remnants.  But I was not alone.  A young Mexican girl used a cardboard box to sift through trash.  

I looked inside.  Could I find a crumpled, plastic wrapper with a tiny sprinkle of heroin amongst all the egg shells, milk cartons, half eaten bagels and coffee grounds?  I had to try godfuckingdamnit.

I walked past the girl who was obviously disgusted by the rank smell.  I was less squeamish after a shift in the dishroom and jumped right in.  Inside the filth I gave the girl a slight bow of acknowledgment.

"Good morning.  What are you looking for?"    

"I think I left my student ID on my tray", she said.  

I laughed.

"Well fuck you!", she said, "What'd you lose?"

"Heroin", I answered truthfully.  

I grabbed an empty egg carton and used it to prod through the filthy contents.  Needle in a fucking haystack.

"Whatever", said the girl searching through a stack of goop near my feet. 

And lo and behold.  Though my eyes were hardwired to seek a crumpled plastic bag from a box of Marlboro Lights, I saw the corner of unblemished white plastic in the muck.  I held my breath because Ice Cream Bar Saturday was still rotting inside as I plucked up the student ID.  Yolanda S. Luna. 

"Oh my God!", shrieked Yolanda.  "You found it!  Oh my God I LOVE you!"

I shrugged and tossed it to her.  Then I went back to digging through trash.  I could feel her staring at me as I searched in vain.

"What are you really looking for?", she asked.

"Heroin", I answered again.  

Then I cursed and punched the wall.  Useless.  I would not have to fake withdrawal symptoms with Kym.  

"I can get Oxycodone.  That's not heroin but a medical grade opiate.  You do like opiates don't you?", asked Yolanda.

I dropped my egg carton shovel and climbed out.  This girl was speaking my language.

"I'm pre-med.  I specialize in chronic pain maintenance.  I want to work in a hospice care system for elderly cancer survivors", she said.

"I double major in engineering and astrophysics.  I want to work for NASA and understand the Universe", I replied.

Yolanda was cool.  She brought me into her dorm where I stuck out like an open sore.  I smelled awful, wore filthy stained clothing and had a really bad mohawk.  My pierced eyebrow was swollen because of the black eye I received from a disagreement at a bar.  Yolanda gave me a bottle of Oxycodone pills.

"These are 30s.  Instant relief so you can eat them or snort them.  We snort them", giggled Yolanda.  "I don't do heroin but I would imagine these will do."

"Yeah?", I took the bottle.  

Kym and I had done what our friend Ari called Perks.  But it was Oxycodone.  And it WAS good.  Yolanda was the second pre-med major I knew that said Oxycodone is Great!  I think heroin offers a richer body high than Oxycodone but if people like Ari and Yolanda keep passing out these pills then we may be entering a New Age.  Heroin is a bitch to get.  Not just the crime, violence and death but black tar is everywhere now.  Smoking off foil sucks.  The purity from Mexican tar is weak too.  

I brought home the pills and Kym was bitchy in the withdrawals from the previous night.  She had to go to work in an hour and my story pissed her off until I got to the part with the pills.

"Give me some pills", she said.

We crushed 4 and Kym created a field of bumps on the table.  It looked like tiny grave plots in Lego land.  I played video games as Kym walked around nude and did bumps.  Then she showered, changed into work clothes and had more bumps.  Makeup, peanut butter toast, tea, some more bumps and then work.  I did homework.  No complaints or withdrawals and more than half the bottle left.  Maybe Oxy will save us from the needle.

, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/33ssx9/lost_my_heroin/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 04:15:33, SCORE: 1
BODY: Do you acknowledge the love from this motley group of strangers spread all across the globe ?  Life is good my dear.  Go forth and enjoy.  Hell,  just the odds of you being born is like a 1 in 400 trillion shot.  So don't waste it.  Go be silly, go be serious, accomplish something big, enjoy something small.  But get your ass up everyday and enjoy!  Keep your eyes open and you will discover the pleasures all around you are often the tiniest things.  Like the wind on your face or a piece of chocolate chip coconut cake.  It is all good.  Just like you.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 04:16:16, SCORE: 2
BODY: Hah!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 04:19:15, SCORE: 10
BODY: That guy was a trip.  Coke bottle glasses, buck teeth and he swore like a sailor but with a thick Indian accent.  Like a foul mouthed Apu from the Simpsons. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 04:30:33, SCORE: 1
BODY: I had a girl dealer with good pill connects that would use me like a free taxi service.  

But it was all me.  She was pretty charming.  No way I would drive a man to Dunkin Donuts and Office Max in the middle of a deal.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 13:14:07, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thank you very much. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 13:16:22, SCORE: 4
BODY: Yup.  It had just come out.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 13:36:31, SCORE: 3
BODY: Wow thanks but I lack 2 things.  Talent and ambition.  But thanks a lot I love churning these out for you guys.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-25 15:44:15, SCORE: 2
BODY: Well he was a Lit major.  Plus The Baron in the Trees is as surreal as any other opiate adventure.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-26 03:44:01, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 70
TITLE: The Jerry Garcia Effect, POST BODY: The Grateful Dead were going to play 2 free shows in Golden Gate Park.  So our little corner of the city was suddenly overrun with tie dye refugees.  The park was filled with tents and every inch of city parking had a VW bus, van or crappy car illegally parked in it.  The little Mexican grocery store where I bought my morning tortilla, beans and eggs was filled with spacey people.  The smell of unwashed pubic hair, patchouli and sage smoke overpowered the Mission.  Seor Noe had to police his store.  Lucky for the hippies Noe was a mellow stoner unlike some of his vicious gang banging cousins.  

Noe catches a chick smuggling out handfuls of dog food in her pocket and he stops her, trades her the dog food for weed and a shiny Steal Your Face sticker.  Mushrooms for Pepsi and a 40oz of Olde English.  Free burritos for a promise the Rainbow Family members will not only stop stealing shit - but actually police the store.  Agreements are made, hands are shaken and at the end of the day Seor Noe is high as fuck on Snoopy acid wearing a t-shirt that says Air Garcia. His last name is Garcia so he thinks this is as funny as hell. 

Not all our neighbors agree but I love the influx of weirdos.  I feel like them everyday when I'm high on pills, lines or inhaling smoke trails of black tar.  Like this: What?  Huh?  Trippy...Heeeyy...Yeah...Oh yeah man!  Ha ha!  Whaaaat...?

Exactly.

But after the gypsy vanguard arrives soon come the suburban hippies.  They come for the party and merchandise.  Everyone following knows this and rolls out the tie-dyed red carpet.  Come all ye high school stoner kids or Pink Floyd college dudes.  Drugs, fashions, vegan cuisine...everything for a price.  Oh and the Grateful Dead are playing too.  Wear your new t-shirt, wave your freak flag, eat some microdots and smoke some buddha.  And spend, spend, spend!

Jason hates the invasion.

"Its like my parents are skull fucking me", he muses after a bong hit from a Rainbow Family lady that makes excellent vegetarian lasagne.  She nods sympathetically and counts his money for the bags of peyote buttons he is buying.  
"Organic?", Jason asks.

"Sure", shrugs the hippie lady.

But Jason also likes money.  Sure the deadheads have their own economy but the suburban kids have nothing but cash and dreams.  So we pool our money to Jason who buys 5 ounces of bud.  Mendocino skunk weed so definitely above the Mexican brown weed bricks that circulate through the city...but more expensive.  A top shelf niche product he brags.  The older hippies appreciate this and the suburban kids are tired of Mexican brown weed.

We sat on the sidewalk between a head shop and an Italian cafe across from the park.  From our spot we could see bongo circles and illegal venue tents.  So when the tourist suburban kids left the park to get some coffee, food or visit a headshop - There we are.  Slinging weed.  $45 for 8ths and $15 for dimes.  

 Kym and I were nodding but Jason insisted we keep doing coke to stay humming for business.  And we were doing good.  Hell great.  Only Jason wore a tie dye because Kym refused ("I don't wear clothes that make me look fat or stupid") and I did not get the hippie memo as I came from my chemistry lecture on Fractional Distillation.  But the deadheads noticed.  Hell, they were buying us out.  They bartered and spent cash.  Never mind the summer of love - many of them had heroin or coke too and so we traded.  Good H too.  Obviously they were in on the biker gang heroin trade which was pricey but better than the Mexican shit.  The deadheads loved local connects and sat with us to torment the suburb kids.  We all did a lot of acid.  A LOT of acid.  Too much acid...Like wow man.

The geometry of psychedelic love HALTED my nod.  Suddenly I was staring at architecture and my brain was firing.  I took out my HP 48 calculator (20 bit processor), my graph paper notebook and started contemplating angles.  

I finished my homework as Kym and Jason enjoyed themselves and ripped off high school kids.  Cocaine is a wonderful drug but in the hands of jerks selling weed to suburban mall kids you get shit like:

Kym: Hey handsome!  Love your shirt!  Did you mom buy it for you?

Kid: Thank you!  Uhm...no.  Hey do you guys know where we can buy some weed?

Kym: No.  Do you have any naked pictures of your mom?

Kid: Huh...what?  No....

Kym: Would you like to buy some?

Jason: Haha!  Funny!  Weed?  Why yes!  Yes we do.  Ohh...wait maybe we are out.  Hey!  (pokes me)- Any weed left?

Me: Almost out man...but it's the Mendocino.

Jason: What?  Mendocino?  Really?  Fuck I need those for my friends...sorry guys.  All out.

Kid:  What?  But c'mon!  We have money!

Jason:  Yeah but this is Mendocino!  You try this shit?  No?  Well it is off the charts...Pricey

Kid:  How much?

Jason:  Mendocino?  Shit way beyond you guys.  Its $60 an 8th...

Kid:  We have that.  Can we buy it?

2 days later when the acid started to wear off Kym pointed out we had all this heroin left.  Our usual Bell Curve weekend usage model was abnormally tweaked.  This Jerry Garcia effect was noted and filed away.  Soon the old habits filled in again and the scent of incense sandalwood faded.  When my depth perception returned and I stopped seeing trails off of everything I dipped back into the opiates with a vengeance.  But the Dead will return in summer.  We can all make some money and take another break.     

Note:  Yes.  Irony., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/33wjpf/the_jerry_garcia_effect/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-26 17:13:07, SCORE: 2
BODY: Maybe 1995 or so?   Hard to remember anything connected to the Grateful Dead shows...

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-26 19:31:09, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thank you but I have no idea how to write a book.  A thought pops into my head and I churn it out in my mind and transfer it to Reddit.  Not much of process at all but I like doing it.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-27 11:55:21, SCORE: 3
BODY: The positive thing I could see was they helped keep the homeless kids sheltered, fed and safe.  But as a resident all you saw was a huge influx of people taking over the place for a few days. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-27 16:05:59, SCORE: 2
BODY: Any literary agents in Opiates?   Thanks for the support.  Maybe someday.  But for today - back to work.  Monday's are brutal on corporate America

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-28 00:06:04, # COMMENTS: 20, SCORE: 52
TITLE: Robbed, POST BODY: BOOM.  

A far away sound.

BOOM.

I have that falling sensation.  Plunging through darkness......and jerked awake with a gasp.  I groan as oxygen struggles to fit into my bloodstream through the massive, hazy drug induced weight.  This toxic fuzziness crushes me.  I'm weak and helpless.  Like a worm.  And like a worm, I struggle forward.  Around me is the blurry scene.  Some sort of fucking junkie hovel.  

BOOM.

That sound again godamnit!  

BOOM.

I struggle across the stained carpet over cigarette ash, toenails, crumbs and fast food wrappers that still reek of burger grease.  I pause near a coffee table covered with empty beer cans, pizza boxes and a pile of half eaten donuts.  Garbage is everywhere.  Ashtrays filled with stale beer and butts, cigarette burns on the furniture and tables.  The only area clear of trash is where people did drugs.  2 burnt spoons, some torn baggies, discarded needles and toilet paper wads spotted with blood.  

BOOM.

Is someone knocking?  Whats wrong with my senses?  Everything comes from another dimension.

BOOM.

Empty prescription pill containers and cough syrup bottles cover the couch.  The curtains are shut and the only source of light is the TV.  I stare at bare chested males and girls in tiny bikinis cavorting on a beach in front of some white rapper who hops up and down like a fucking frog.  What is this shit...

BOOM.

I look up right as the door explodes inward.  Instinctively I fall to the floor as 2 men burst in with guns.  One spots me and bellows so I freeze while the other lunges past me and kicks open the bathroom door.  "Clear!", he yells.  More men pour in with more guns.  I find myself face down in the burger wrappers unable to move.

"Any weapons?  Needles?  Drugs?", says a man going through my pockets.

I shake my head and say No.  I feel sick.  I feel fear.  These men are policemen.  As my rights are read I start to think about jail and suddenly have to puke or shit.  Maybe both.  

"Can I please go to the bathroom?", I ask.

"Just sit tight", says the guy searching me.  I hear my name come back over his radio.  Another man walks in and they look at me.

I sit on the couch while the guy who searched me pulls out a notebook.  I have my first clear view of the room.  It's a motel room that has been trashed by junkies.  I am shocked.  Not one damn thing looks familiar.  A complete blank spot in my memory.

"My name is Detective Tom Loren.  Can you tell me about Shane Pedergrass or Shelly Kowalski?"

"I don't know who they are...wait the biker couple?"

"Yeah them.  We're looking for Shane.  Can you tell me anything about Mr. Pedergrass?  Where he is?"

"Uh, you know I have no idea where I am or-"

"Kid!", says the other cop staring at me, "We could take you to the station and let you sit in general custody for a couple of days but all we want is some cooperation."

"But I swear I have no idea who they are!  Really.  I was partying with these guys-"

"What guys?  Where?"

Fuck.  I had never been in trouble before.  Not like this.  The shitty part was I am telling the truth.  I have no idea where I am.  Everything is a blur of meth and heroin and probably other toxins as well.  This hangover is like sand filling my skull, weighing it down and wiping all thoughts clean.  I can feel new holes in my arms.  Tiny, angry bruises.  Did I do this?  Fuck, were the needles shared?  

Cops walk around the filthy room collecting receipts and poking through the trash.  Finally they let me go puke but I have to keep the door open.  After another hour they get ready to leave.  I stand there unsure.  What's happening?  My heart pounds.  I'm still handcuffed.  I felt like I was going to shit myself or puke again.  They stare at me as if deciding my fate.

"You're friends are dicks", says the detective as he puts his coat on.  Then he turns me around and uncuffs me.

This was not what I imagined would happen.

"Excuse me?"

"They pulled a runner asshole", chimes in another cop.  

"We get these calls a lot", shrugs Detective Tom Loren, "Junkies party for a couple days and sneak out.  They think its funny to leave some jackass behind to pay the bill.  Looks like you."

I open my wallet, "Hey!  I've been robbed!"

"Yeah that's usually part of it too", grins the cop.      , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/344dch/robbed/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-28 00:42:06, SCORE: 13
BODY: thats the nicest thing anyone has said to me all day.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-28 14:13:49, SCORE: 3
BODY: There is a certain nobility you gain working in the dishroom or making coffee or doing retail.  For one it teaches you not to be a jerky customer. 

And thanks!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-28 16:01:41, SCORE: 2
BODY: Temp agencies are great.  Put on your best clothes and take any job they offer.  When they get to know your face they'll start saving the good positions for you because they know they can rely on you.  Good luck.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-28 16:01:57, SCORE: 2
BODY: Wow thanks 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 00:11:14, SCORE: 1
BODY: Hah

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 13:45:41, # COMMENTS: 98, SCORE: 237
TITLE: Corporate Junkie Man, POST BODY: Her name was Sera and she was my boss's admin.  We were the only people younger than 25 in this company so we hung out.  She was a junior college stage actress.  I watched 2 plays and they were terrible.  Sera actually had no ear for music at all...But she was nice and my only real friend at work.  I was new to this city, new to this office job lifestyle, and new to wearing these suits.  I had to ask my landlord how to tie my necktie for the first day of work.  

But I hid a huge part of me from this new life.  The old me.  It still crept around, smirking, clever and forever high.  It hid behind this new twisted mask of civil responsibility and dress suits.  I had morphed into a new man.  My hair is short and neat.  No dye, leather or piercings.  I talk about sports, pretended to care about elections and learned how to fit right into their shiny little world.  

When I moved here I brought 120 oxycodone 30mgs.  This was my timer.  At the end would be only pain, sweating and the uncomfortable skin of depression.  I can't remember the last time I was sober and now was not the time to try...So one of my first tasks in this new city was to meet people.  Well, my kind of people.  And I found them.  Shirking from responsibility, skulking from daylight, roaming around in clubs, cafes and bars.  Dark clothing, dark music, needles, pills and powders.  My kind of people.

"You want some of this weed?", coughed Sera holding a blue glass pipe shaped like a dolphin.  It looked like a sad little cock with a face on it.  

"No thanks", I said.  We were on a lunch break and about to go into Olive Garden.

"Your loss", smiled Sera.  "Man, without a toke or 2 I'd never be able to sit in my cubicle.  Or deal with the boss man."

Sera was sensitive about her weight and this came out right away when we met.  She would exercise but her back...Something about a car crash when she was a teen and crushed discs.  So she smoked a lot of weed.  She ate a lot of crap.  

"I bet you're saving your lungs for riding right?  All that biking keeps you in great shape.  Hey are you like a vegetarian?  They have veggie entrees here so-"

"No.  I eat meat.  Sometimes I even get high but I have 2 more meetings.  I need my brain."

Sera laughed and took another hit and spewed a ganja cloud out her window.  Love that smell.  

"Aww you're so cute!  And so good!", she giggled.

We went inside, got seated and I went into the restroom.  I took a coke bullet loaded with a powdered 30mg oxy and railed that love sweet love.  Bump, bump, bump, bump.  I checked my nostrils in the mirror and swallowed the other 30 mg.  Now I can eat.

"You know me and Christy thought you were a Mormon missionary...", said Sera in between bites of pasta.  Christy was another admin but on aeronautic side of design.

"And why would you think that?", I grinned.  Sera was silly when she was stoned.

"You know.  The suit, the bike.  All you needed was the book.  Like a Christian soldier", laughed Sera.  "How come you don't have a car?"

I shrugged.  "I'm only 3 miles away.  Why not bike?"

The lie was casual and sounded so much nicer than revoked license, felony DUI or arrest warrants.

"Yeah we should all bike", said Sera wolfing down another sausage.  

Man I loved watching this girl eat.  She ate like how most people fucked.  With lust and gusto.  

"Help the planet and cut back on pollution...", she nodded as she pointed her fork at me, "Plus you know I could use the exercise..."

She daintily wiped her mouth with the corner of her napkin and laid her big purple eyes on me...Ahhh a social cue!  The oxycodone in my blood smiled and took over.

"Why?  You look good Sera.  Quit beating yourself up.  We all need to eat."  

Back in the office the swallowed pill caught up to me.  Now I can coast through the day.  Be THAT guy in the meetings, talk the talk and sit at my desk like a good worker bee.  

But then I check my phone text.  Fuck.  

no mo ox bru.  sry.  h?ecp?

It is Friday.  Tonight is the company holiday party.  I HAVE to go.  I dread this but this is exactly the kind of shit They do.  And only 5 more oxy in my stash...Fuck!  This was supposed to be a sure thing!  A feeling of dread creeps over me.  The coldness of opiate withdrawal.  I take a sip of water.  Like ice.  Like doom.  Like withdrawal.

But I know all about ECP.  I just don't know if I want to go there...I have been doing good tapering down my lust.  I haven't had any h for a month...

But I text him.  How could I not?  My little emo gargoyle friend who is the arcade attendant at his uncle's bowling alley:

Y ecp ok.  2.  good?

And we are cleared for takeoff.

This is not a date but Sera gives me a ride and treats it as such.  She looks resplendent in a green gown that shows plenty of cleavage.  I just wear another suit.  I realize how easy men have it in the world of office fashion.  You just need different colored ties.  Before we climb into her car I pop the last 2 oxys.  I munch one pill and swallow her sister whole for the good ol' one two combo.

The winter party is about as bad as expected.  Speeches from douchebags, a DJ blasting MC Hammer Cant Touch This and then Bon Jovi ballads.  An open bar which makes things interesting.  These people following the law...look how fucking crazy they get!  And I am high as fuck.  ECP bumps take me to the edge and I am definitely looking down a steep cliff again. 

This is before smartphones so the cellphone evidence is blurry.  The drunks get crazy on the dance floor.  People say incredibly rude things to each other.  Sera grinds herself into me and my skinny brain below the belt takes over.  We make out outside next to the Marketing Director who is puking over the balcony.  His admin is holding his jacket while he spews and waves at us.

I can't believe how much these people drink.  Then a sales VP comes out holding a bottle of Chivas, cracks a joke about the Marketing Director being a cheap Jew and then they all smoke a joint.  I excuse myself.  In the bathroom I hit a bump of ECP...fuck!  Hits so hard after oxy. 

Sera was too drunk to drive so I drove her home.  She insisted I come in and I thought about it for a second and said Why not?  But Sera was a mess.  Inside she went straight for her bong.  Then she blasted Journey and did an awkward air drum solo before she splayed out on the couch looking pale.  I asked if she was OK and she said, "Water...crackers..."

After I got her water and crackers I went into her bathroom.  Old habits die hard and I instinctively opened her medicine cabinet.  Besides the usual arrays of dental care, ibuprofen and birth control sat Hydrocodone 7.5 and Morphine 20mg.  She had 2 full bottles of each.  Each still had refills.  Hmm.  I took 2 of each and swallowed them without another thought.

Sera was almost passed out at this point.  She still had her nice dress on plus her high heels.  I helped take off her heels and put a blanket over her.  She smiled sleepily.

"You want in?", she asked opening the blanket.

"Sure"

I got next to her and she leaned on me.  It was one of those open moments where I could have made a move for sex or simply held her.  Probably could have gone either way but I am a junkie first and foremost.  

"Oww", I sighed, rubbing my neck.

"What's wrong?"

"Oh.  I was in a car accident a long time ago.  Got a whiplash thing.  Usually I have meds but I haven't had time to look into my insurance yet."

"Really?  I have pain killers in the bathroom.  If you want..."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah.  I'm over that shit.  Makes me nauseous.  I'm all about the weed...au natural baby.  Take whatever you want."

"Ok.  Thanks..."

I knew there was something special about Sera.  I hold her just to feel human warmth for she is passed out and snoring.  I call myself a cab.  While waiting I go in the bathroom, grab the pills and do another little bump of H.  I stand tall, fix my hair and straighten my tie.  I stare in the mirror and the demon stares back.  I smile at my old friend before I put my mask back on.  My mask whispers, I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE..., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/34b0zs/corporate_junkie_man/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 17:03:11, SCORE: 14
BODY: Thanks. It's nice to let these out and go work and read people's thoughts on my lunch break.  The people in this sub are not always nice but they are honest and understanding.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 21:07:12, SCORE: 9
BODY: in the 1990's MTV perfected this short choppy BAMBAMBAM style of media...and it seriously killed our attention spans.  i used to write letters to people.  now an email is too long.  so a text...we are almost back to grunting.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 21:08:26, SCORE: 5
BODY: man i loved her watching her eat.  watching her put down a foot long pastrami sandwich from Togos was fucking erotic.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 21:10:29, SCORE: 4
BODY: yeah i am verbose but my idea was the mask and so i wrapped everything around it.  plus i look at myself at work in a different way than at home.  like when i look in the mirror at work the guy looking back is not me.  but at home he is.  i am probably borderline retarded from drug abuse so yeah.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 22:07:38, SCORE: 3
BODY: Nope.  I have no idea what I am doing and go from feeling and comments.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-29 22:24:34, SCORE: 3
BODY: yeah its more fun writing about life before you have to go get a damn job.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 00:33:39, SCORE: 2
BODY: The easiest way to pass a drug test is to stop doing drugs.  Periodically in life we are faced with this reality.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 12:01:59, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thanks!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 12:18:04, SCORE: 5
BODY: If you are asking for real life reasons read up on the time variations.   Opiates do not stay in as long as marijuana.  Also dr prescribed opiates are legal.   

But the biggest thing to remember is this is a story.  Not a journal.  Based in reality edited for content.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 12:18:21, SCORE: 1
BODY: Beautiful name. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 13:37:21, SCORE: 3
BODY: What do you do in the literary profession ?

Pm if you want it offline. 

Yeah as you can see this stuff pretty scattered.  I haven't had time to read it all back but I just sort of settled on Kym and Jason stories.  But then everyone liked the Corporate one too which probably speaks to the age group in Opiates.  That's what I like about this sub is it does not really fit the stereotype of what folks think a junkie is. 

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 15:17:35, # COMMENTS: 40, SCORE: 101
TITLE: Temple of Fuck, POST BODY: "I'm not making this up!", said Jason sincerely.  

This would be very 100% believable if I didn't know know Jason...  

"Look at this lump!  And blood!"

I agree with sympathy but all I really hear is 'Blah, blah, blah Money is gone. Blah, blah, blah No heroin.  Blah blah blah Sorry!'

"He is bleeding.  Well a little.  Right there on the side of the bump", said Kym tracing her finger over Jason's shaved head.  

"Ow!", says Jason whipping his head back.

Kym licks the blood off her finger as Jason stares at her repulsed.

"You ARE a demon bitch from Hell", whispers Jason shaking his head.

"Don't you forget it."

Jason Rusca.  Known him for 4 years.  Met him when he stole my bike and tried to sell it back to me.  Fought him 7 times, won 5.  Bailed him out of jail once, he returned the favor twice.  One time he set a car on fire to divert the attention of some people who were stomping me.  We have lived together for 8 months and he has paid rent for 5.  His talent for procuring drugs with little to no actual money usually overrides the fact he steals our stuff.  Usually the TVs.  

"Alright", I shrug.  

I lost $170 and feel withdrawals but if Jason actually wants to lay down and bleed he probably hurts.

"You believe him?", says Kym slamming our door.  She was wet cat mad because Kym had to go make coffee drinks for 8 hours with nothing but a little weed and my loving arms waiting for her at the end of the day.

"People get mugged..."

"Yeah right!", Kym says, "Remember how he limped around for a month to collect work insurance and hydros?"

I laughed.  "That was classic!  Or when he pretended to be hypoglycemic when the cops picked him up at the Powell station?  Guy nods out in public, gets picked up by the pigs and ends up at a hospital where they give him vicodin for falling down..."

"Fuck...", says Kym shaking her head, "Go to Rondo.  Just hook us up for tonight and Jason better pray he comes through tomorrow..."

Kym opened up a People magazine.  This is like a Satanic relic to me.  I never think about, touch or acknowledge her People magazines.  But now I will.  Kym pulls out cash.  Whoa.  Great hiding spot.

"Rondo?", I ask incredulous.  "You want me to go to the Temple of Fuck?"

Kym smiles at me as she pulls her fading bleached blond hair into a ponytail for barista work.

"Do whatever you have to do.  When I come home I want a bump."

"Ok.  But that cash...?"

"Me and Rogelio have a system after the boss leaves", states Kym matter of factly.  "We steal it."

So I went to the warehouse district to see Rondo.  Rondo is a trip.  Always moving and making money.  Started out in a band.  Once he got a limousine instead of being paid so he started a driving service.  Soon he had 3 limousines.  He sold that company and opened up a bakery.  Lately he has gotten into pornography.  Hence the Temple of Fuck.

"My brother", said Rondo sincerely giving me a hug.  

His office had a window that opened above the warehouse floor where his fiancee filmed fetish pornography.  A man in a tribal wooden mask with rectangle eye slits sat nude on a throne.  Cammy, his fiance was chained to the floor by a slave collar.  She was smoking a cigarette and talking to a lighting guy that was fidgeting with some reflectors.  When everything was ready Cammy got on all fours and a nude woman wearing a bizarre mask danced around her and the man.  The mask was yellow with cheetah spots and had these bizarre stalks that radiated out like the horns or feelers of a sea creature.

"What is that?", I ask.

"Hmm?", said Rondo pulling a bong from a cabinet.  "The mask?  That's a Giraffe Goddess mask.  Cammy got it in Port Moresby.  Freaky eh?  You can't see the giraffe until you're hallucinating...THEN you see the fucking giraffe!  Here give it a go."

He passed me the bong.  Inside the glass bowl was a gram of weed and...something else.

"What is that?"

"Shaman grass. Salvia."

"Yeah?"

"Its OK.  Like a 10 minute trip.  Been mixing it with my nods for story ideas.  It forces my reality to stay open as the euphoria mixes with vision quests and..."

"Yeah ok give it to me", I said.  

I smoke it.  The green bud masks the harshness but PING!  It hits the back of my skull like a bullet and peels open my eyes.  

The Giraffe Goddess dances hypnotically on the warehouse floor.  

The captive was an Unbeliever.  Chained to the floor.  A forced convert to the Demon Lord that sat on his throne judging.  The stalks on the mask melted in the shimmering air and I saw the beast's horns and crazed animal eyes...The Giraffe Goddess mounted the captive with some sort of onyx phallus she wore strapped to her waist...  

"Fuck Rondo!", I gasp.  "Fucking weird shit..."  

I was sweating and my heart felt like it would burst.  Rondo cooly surveyed me.  He hit a button and a curtains closed over the scene right as the Demon Lord stood up all oiled, muscular and fully erect.  

"Want to play Nintendo?", asked Rondo.

"Uh...yeah."

It took longer than 10 minutes to return to reality.  I watched Rondo play Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past as I slowly returned to my brain.  The Sprite can I clutched was crushed.  That was intense.  Without the cushion of a good opiate the shaman grass tore me apart.  Cammy knocked and came in.  She wore a robe and smiled at me.  As she hugged me I was aware of her nudity and sweat but this was just another day for these two.

"How's Kym?", asks Cammy, "Haven't seen her for weeks!  Hey are you two going to Stan's baby shower?"

Stan was our friend that made us all look bad.  Graduated in 4 years.  Got a job with the city, bought a house, got married and was now was having a kid.  The man kept to his schedule.  

"Baby shower?", I ask surprised, "isn't that a chick only affair?"

Rondo laughs.  "Yeah I said that too!  New world old boy.  Men go to baby showers and women change tires.  But I have no idea what to bring..."

"We'll get them something for the brat but also something fun for them of course!", said Cammy sitting next to Rondo and grabbing the bong.  

They dropped into a couple's conversation about wine, dildos and patio furniture gift ideas.  I look at my watch.  Rondo caught me.

"It's in the safe.  Blue pocketbook", he motions with his head as Cammy grabs a stack of furniture catalogs to thumb through. "$85."

"You got change?", I asked crouching down by the open safe.  Inside was 3 envelopes of cash, the blue pocketbook, a gun, discs,  Ziploc bags of bud and a 3 small jars of white powder.

"Nope but here...", he tosses me a half empty bag.

"Damn.  Thanks man", I smile opening up the pocketbook to pull out a bag.  

I look over.  Rondo has his hand in Cammy's robe and they kiss.  It would be so easy...but I snap the pocketbook shut, stand up and hug everyone goodbye.

I watch Kym exit the bus.  City girl, eyes flashing left and right, hand firmly on purse, neutral expression and no eye contact with other passengers.  I motion to her from a table outside the Karma Cafe where I have a view of the street.  She sees me, nods and comes over.  I move the newspaper I used to save her seat.

"Well?", she asks.

"I watched a lady with a giraffe head fuck Rondo's girlfriend."

"Yeah but did you score?"

"Course", I said sliding over a baggie.

Kym casually dips a key in the bag and does 2 quick bumps as people jostle by to go inside and order coffee drinks.  Her eyes widen for a moment and then she descends into her sleepy cat trance state.  She light s cigarette in slow motion and exhales dreamily.  I watch her sink into her chair.      

"You want a coffee?", I ask taking a discreet bump.  The RUSH is almost instant or maybe time has slowed...

"Fuck no.  I had like 10 cups at work...Can you get me an Italian strawberry soda?"

"Sure...", I hear myself say.  But I can no longer function.  The beast is upon me. 

A wave of euphoria rises like a god above us, falls and crushes us in our chairs.  The buzz of a hundred voices on the street numbs my ears.  We both stare motionless at the passing world.  People with lives and jobs and things to do rush by...They keep going while all we do is sit.  And stare.  So peaceful and perfect is the world right fucking now.  Kym leans against me.  I kiss her hair that smells of freshly ground coffee.   , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/34fvgx/temple_of_fuck/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 17:14:29, SCORE: 2
BODY: I used to enjoy psychedelics but I found salvia a little too insane.   Maybe I'm more of a mushroom man. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 17:52:54, SCORE: 2
BODY: Thank you very much!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-04-30 17:59:21, SCORE: 7
BODY: I think everyone has good ways of expressing themselves.   My friend is chef, my neighbor can make stuff from old furniture, etc.  I just started writing weird tales and it was cool because I get therapy and I can express my thoughts in ways I can't in real life.  But everyone can do this too and in so many different ways.  Like did you see that crazy painting of the poppy?  That was amazing.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-01 23:36:21, # COMMENTS: 30, SCORE: 60
TITLE: A Meth Head Changes the Night, POST BODY: Oh ye Children of the Digital Age...know this Truth.  Once television programs FELL from the SKY for FREE.  But we were thralls of the Network Gods.  They would decree What Time and What Channel a show was on.  And if you missed it...it was gone.  Forever.  

X-Files was on at 9pm.  I skipped my study group to be here.  That was OK because only the foreign kids would miss X-Files so I knew I could catch up tomorrow.  Kym came from work but it cost her a Sunday.  Jason...well who knows?  But he came in at 8:55pm with Dos Equis beer, chips and salsa.  Kym was loading the bong when the Knock Knock ruined the spell.  

Only TV can keep 3 people like us from bickering or being rude to each other.  If it wasn't for TV Kym would have killed Jason long ago.  Now someone is knocking on the door at 9pm as our show is starting?  We all looked at each other like Really?

I open the door.  A thin, grizzled red haired guy I vaguely knew as Charles stands there smoking a cigarette and smiling like a loon.

"Heeeey!", Charles yells like we were best buddies.  Oh boy.  

Charles was obviously humming high on something good.  And damn, life on the streets is cruel.  His teeth were yellow to brown and matched his tattered sweatpants and sweater.  His eyes burned with a fevered intensity from his glistening, pale face.  The porch light illuminated a trail of open sores that covered his arms and face.

"Whew!  Glad I caught you.  Just here for my end man", spoke Charles rapidly while sucking on his smoke.

"Your end?  End of what?", I ask.  

I heard Jason slide off the couch and come up behind the door so he could listen too.

"You know", nodded Charles his head bobbing up and down rapidly.  He sucked in a lungful of air and gasped, "I fronted you man.  I came through.  C'mon!  $25 or maybe some lines?  I need a comedown man..."

I shrugged.  I met this guy maybe twice.  One of the homeless park people.  I have no idea how he knew where I lived.

"Charles right?", I ask in a relaxed tone.  "Charles I don't know what you are talking about.  I don't owe you money.  I have never bought anything-"

"It was your girl.  Yesterday man.  Park.  She uh...", he gasped for more air, steadied himself and looked at me, his face suddenly knotted in anger, "You know man!  You know..."

"Charles she was with me.  We didn't see you yesterday..."

"The other guy!  Uh Jackson or Jake that guy...the FUCKING guy!", Charles steps forward and I step back.  I looked at Jason and he shakes his head and mouths Not me.

"Look man", I said, "You got the wrong place..."

"You ripping me off man?", said Charles and suddenly he pushed forward and got in my face, "You ripping ME off?!"

And Jason yanks me backwards as he swings the aluminum bat we keep by the door.  The blow glances off Charles's forearm and he bellows in rage but falls back.  Now that Jason has room to swing, he winds up cracks Charles in the skull.  Then he slams the door and locks it.

"You fuckers!", Charles screams, "I will kill you fucker thief stealer motherfucker cunt fucks!"

"Damn I hit him hard enough to drop a horse.  Whats this guy on?", asks Jason looking through the peephole.

"Who the hell was that?", asks Kym not bothering to get up off the couch as the show was starting.

"That red head dude at the park.  Part of Melo's group", I shrug.  Oh well, the shows starting...

SMASH!...POPCRASH!

"Fuck!  He's throwing bottles at our door!", said Jason. "See?  I told you guys we shouldn't leave recycling out there!"

"I'll get you motherfuckers!", screams Charles.

"Kym, call the cops.  911", I say gathering up the bag of weed on the table.

"Really?", she groans looking put off.  

Back then you could not pause your TV show so she kept an eye on it as she walked over to the phone.

"Yeah.  The neighbors are calling the cops guaranteed so we should too.  This way we are good law abiding VICTIMIZED citizens.  But fuck Kym, hide the mirror and bong!"

"Oh yeah.  Ok."

"Holy shit he has the garbage can!", said Jason.  

Then the door thuds BOOM!  BOOM!

"I'll kill you stealers!  No one fucks with me!  ARRGHHHHAAA!", Charles howls like some crazy, wounded beast.

Then a window explodes as a trashcan lid flies through it.  Kym's scream was piercing and filled me with primal rage.  Fuck this!  Fuck that guy!  I grab a chair and get ready to smash his skull if he comes through the window.  But he doesn't.

"He's leaving!", says Jason.

I look out the window at almost the same instance Charles turns around and points at me.

"I'm gonna burn your fucking house down!"

With a hole in the window the place got cold fast.  Worse yet was we could still hear Charles bellowing and making horrible bestial screams into the night.  But we couldn't see him which made it eerier.  Then the cops came.  The search lights found Charles crouching in the middle of the street holding a bottle which he threw at the cops before he ran.  Another cop car cut him off.  As he ran towards the sidewalk he was tackled.  

They brought out the batons and proceeded to smack the crap of Charles.  Then they suddenly all moved back as another cop moved in and pepper sprayed him.  The screams were terrible.

Kym looks at us nodding her head and smiles, "This way crazier than TV."

I naturally distrust the police.  When I interact with them my respect is due to fear.  Fear they will search me, fear they will attack me and fear of going to jail.  But on this night I was grateful.  Two policemen stood in my apartment to serve and protect my ass.  

"So this guy said you 3 stole his meth...Any idea what he is talking about?", asks the cop taking the report while his partner stands next to him checking out Kym.

"Meth?", says Jason incredulously, "Officer, let me assure nobody here does meth."  

Jason's chuckle is awkward as the cops stare at him.

"Do I know you?", asks the cop who was looking at Kym's ass.

"Uhhm, well...", says Jason.

"Look", says Kym, "We were getting ready to watch X-Files and this weird guy we never met shows up demanding money.  We have no idea who he is and he goes nuts.  Look at our window!"

"Yeah.  Don't worry.  Its all in the report Ms. Amiri.  Rest assured the suspect is going to jail or maybe a observational unit until we can figure out what he is on or if he's crazy.  Take my card for your landlord and we'll get him any info he needs for insurance to fix the window ok?"

We thank the police and look at the clock.  X-Files has been over for 17 minutes.  Jason lights a joint and passes it to me.

"That guy...Charles.  Holy shit man!  Drugs...", says Jason shaking his head.

I was bringing out the mirror as I figured it was a great time to do some bumps.  But I felt guilty and weird so I put it back in the drawer.

"Yeah those sores on his face...", muses Kym, "I also scratch myself when I nod.  That's what sucks about having nails because I don't even realize I am doing it.  But if I scratched my face?  Ugh."

"This is a sign!  Drug Free America man!  Lets not do any H or coke tonight guys", says Jason standing up with conviction.  I can see the mischief in his eyes.

"But I feel the aches...", says Kym.

"So what?  Lets get drunk.  Like really fucking drunk."

We all look at each other.  Why not?  Jason and I take shots of tequila and play Mario Kart while Kym showers, puts on makeup, gets dressed and finally emerges.  Though she drapes herself in black leather and combat boots Kym is a girly girl.  Always makeup, always nails and beneath all the vain cosmetic stuff - always beautiful.    

"Damn bitch you look good!", says Jason appreciatively.  "Hey can you hook me up with your friend from work?  Lisa?  Don't get me wrong Kym, you look sexy and my partner here is a lucky man but I need a woman with more meat on her bones."

"What you need is a shower and change of clothing...at least every other day", smiles Kym.   

Going from sedentary couch heroin bliss to drunken party ass debauchery is like traveling from Nirvana straight to HELL.  But Hell can be fun if you're a demon.  You just have to get into it.  Kamikaze slammers started off the night followed by Flaming Lemon Drops.  Long Island Ice Teas were the $4 special so we sucked those down as well.  When the slurry blurry FUCK YOU fun of drunkenness descended we got pitchers of Anchor Steam beer. 

Things were getting weird as colors intensified, music pulsated and I could feel an ancient magic descending over me.  Steve Miller's The Joker started and Kym stood up to dance.  As the music pulsed she slipped right into the rhythm without pause as if she was part of the song.  Her dance was slow and hypnotic.  I saw trails coming from her fingers witnessed her desert blood come out in the dance.  From spiked black leather and boots to barefoot and veiled she swirled and I was mesmerized.  Before I knew what was happening I was dancing with her and I cannot dance.  

"You are my bear...", Kym murmured in my ear as she traced nails across my cheek.  Her pupils were huge and contrasted sharply against her sea blue eyes.

"What?"

"My bear.  I can see your spiritual animal...", she says nuzzling her lips against my neck.  I am powerless.  

As the song ends we go back to our table where Jason sits staring at the rows of bottles behind the bar.  The bottles are different colors and shapes and appear to be made of wobbling jelly.  They slide off the shelves in an endless rainbow waterfall.  The mirror above the bar is filled with silver liquid and I see skeletal dinosaur fish swimming through the reflection.  

I fill up my glass from the pitcher and notice the dark chunks floating inside.  Jason is lighting a cigarette and pauses to stare at the flame.  He moves it back and forth and we all stare.  Paisley patterns with tiny Mayan hieroglyphics dance in the flame.  I grab his arm and he looks at me startled and then slowly smiles.

"The Universe is beautiful.  That is the only truth I know", Jason says sincerely. 

I look at Kym who is still staring at the fire.

"Jason?  Did you put something in the pitcher?"

Jason looks at me.  "Yes.  Yes I did."

None of slept that night.  Like primitive cave people we huddled around our TV for comfort.  The TV Gods fucked with us and made us watch Leave It To Beaver, Petticoat Junction and Happy Days.  At 7am were all still watching the walls breathe and tripping out on the broken window.  The curtain waving from the breeze became so many things.  A ghostly face leering, an arm beckoning, mole people peering inside...finally at 8am Kym said, "Fuck this!"

And we did some bumps.  We lasted our night without.  We lived.  We saw.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/34ldz8/a_meth_head_changes_the_night/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-04 13:47:51, # COMMENTS: 39, SCORE: 65
TITLE: Why Guns Are Bad, POST BODY: "No", I said shaking my head, "no man.  No guns."

Jason frowned.  He was standing in the hallway holding a duffel bag at 3am.  I had been sleeping when he came home and told me the 'good news'.

"Milash and Tovin didn't have the $650 but they had this...dude check it out!  A fucking shotgun and cowboy gun."

Jason was like a child unzipping the bag and yanking out the shotgun.  I saw his hand foolishly gripping the trigger so I slid around his body, put my hand on his shoulder and stopped him.

"No!", I cautioned.  "Don't pick it up by the trigger."

Milash and Tovin are in the coke trade.  The brothers operate 24/7 and sometimes Jason helps them with his Mexican connects.  Jason's coke goes to bands and our neighbors while Milash and Tovin sell across the bay.  Jason agreed to hold the guns for 2 weeks while they got caught up.  If not they were his to sell.  

"I thought you were like a hunter or something.  Don't you want to see?"

"Don't hold my redneck ancestry against me."

Hopefully the guns were clean but if they were stolen...well who knows?  Guns are bad news for so many reasons.  But I had to admit, I was curious.  

"Ok lets check them out.  Living room.  But I hold the bag."

The first piece I pulled out was the shotgun.  A Winchester 1300.  12 gauge with slide action.  Well oiled and I could smell the Johnson Paste Wax on the wood.  A well tended piece.  There was also an aluminum gun case inside so I laid the shotgun carefully on the couch and opened the case.  Whoa.

A Smith &amp;amp; Wesson Model 625 Mountain Gun.  I had only seen these in the Guns &amp;amp; Ammo magazines my brother Carl had in his bathroom.  To see it in real life was amazing.  I carefully lifted the gun from the case.  It fit seamlessly in my grip.  The famous Smith &amp;amp; Wesson perfect balance.  Immaculate, shiny, lovely and beautiful.  This was not some junkie or thug's midnight special.  This was a triumph of form and engineering.

"Yeah that old gun kinda sucks but at least I can pawn the shotgun for some cash right?"

"Check with me before you sell anything.  I can help you look up prices.  I'm guessing Milash will be back because these are nice...Like perfect", I said putting the pistol back in the case.

"Good because I'd have to go through Bart so he'd tax me right off the bat.  But to break even I'd need at least $500 for this shit."

Bart was Jason's mom's boyfriend.  A scary looking biker guy who begins stories with eye opening statements like 'The first time I cut a man in prison it was with some rebar I smuggled from shop between my ass cheeks...'

I made Jason promise me to store the guns in the closet and not play with them.  Then I went back to sleep.  Kym had reclaimed the entire futon with her long legs so I had to shove my way in and she sleep punched me in the throat for my efforts.

Jason no longer even pretended to go to art college and Kym was on 'academic leave'.  Jason was moving large amounts of cocaine and heroin to bands that toured through the city.  So if things like free drugs, being 22 years old, having a bored, sexy girlfriend and living in an amazing city like San Francisco seem distracting to you - then you can understand how completely distracted I was.

Last week a man in a silver lam suit was sleeping face down on the floor in our kitchen.  I walked around him to get a Sprite from the fridge for my study partner Vince.  Upon retrieving the Sprite, I could not help but notice my turkey sandwich from Trapani Deli was unwrapped.  Some bastard had eaten half of my fucking sandwich.  The man on the floor had avocado and mayonnaise smeared on his lips.

"He's very famous in England.  You can't just drag him onto the porch and leave him there!", complained Jason after Vince and I dragged the man onto the porch and left him there.

"You owe me rent, you smoke my cigarettes and your friend ate half my dinner Jason.  Me and Vince are trying to figure out if a fucking ball rolling on an infinite fucking flat service will roll for-fucking-ever and you motherfuckers party all goddamn night and..."

"Hey...buddy!  Ok!  Ok.  Relaaax", says Jason reaching into his pocket and pulling out a roll of cash, "Here.  Rent!  And I will personally go get you and your weird Chinese friend dinner from Aztecas ok?  Just help me get him back inside.  What kind of burritos do you guys want?  And hot or mild salsa?"

"Vince is Thai.  Not Chinese."

"So hot?", shrugs Jason.

Tonight was no different.  It's Tuesday night and I was behind in class.  While pondering concepts like What if all orbiting bodies suddenly stopped?  How would this change planetary alignment?  The RUCKUS began.

I like studying in the living room.  I have the dining room table to spread out on.  Natural lighting from our street view windows.  Plus Kym's Mac Performa was here on Jason's desk.  I wrote everything here and saved it so I could print it at school.  But unfortunately my roommates liked hanging out here too.  

When I study I will do coke, drink Coke but not much else.  Maybe acid.  Depends.  But definitely no heroin, weed or alcohol.

"Dude take a bong hit!", said Jason as Kym snorted a bump of heroin off my Principles of Archimedes textbook.

"I have to finish this", I said for the tenth time.

They planned to go out and see some band and to kill time they started playing Drink Fucker.  A very simple game involving a shot glass, liquor and a quarter.  You flip the quarter and the winner gets to yell DRINK FUCKER!

I give up.  I gather my books, grab 3 Cokes, a strawberry Pop Tart and Jason's cigarettes.  Then I retreat into my room.

But I can't compete with the Beastie Boys from Jason's huge stolen stereo that pounds their party into my study sanctuary.  So I put on headphones, smoke Jason's cigarettes and begin.  As I study adiabatic assumptions my ashtray fills.  I need to pee so I take off the headphones and...Silence.

I am pleasantly surprised.  Did they go out?  But they were so wasted.  Well La Llorna is only 3 blocks but the Mexican bar is Caesar's.  Jason and Caesar have a touchy relationship built on credit, money and greed.  Not on friendship.  But Jason's smart enough to stay out of a Norte XIV bar if he owes money.  And Kym is smart enough...

WAAAHHHHBOOOOOM!!!!!  

I jump up knocking over the ashtray as the shotgun blast echoes off the buildings on our block.  I look down.  Shit.  Cigarette embers were smoldering on the comforter.  I stomp them and in the process knock over a Coke that spills towards MY NOTES!  I trip over a pillow as I scoop up my notes all while cursing Jason.  Fucking idiot.  I take off my wet socks, move my books out of the puddle and go to the living room.

Jason sits on the couch holding a Nintendo controller and Kym sits on the floor quietly reading a People magazine.  The Nintendo is not on and Kym is wearing her 49ers beanie which she only wears when she goes outside. 

"What the fuck?!", I yell.

They both look at me and Jason puts down the controller.  Though I couldn't see it, I could smell the expired shotgun shells.

"I thought you wore boxers", comments Jason.

"I bought him those.  Sexy eh?", smiles Kym.

I realized I was wearing my Valentine's day present - purple leopard spotted bikini briefs.  

"Look you assholes-"

"Ok", said Jason.  "I know what you said but I wanted to fire the cowboy gun thinking it would be cool but when I told the sporting department guy I needed old cowboy gun bullets he had no idea what I was talking about!  So I got shotgun shells..."

"Fuck that's so dangerous what did you shoot?"

"Some garbage cans."

"Jason the ricochet on shotgun blast pellets can..."

"Actually I shot it", said Kym.

"Fucking figures", I said shaking my head.  I look at them.  They were both completely wasted.  "Did anybody see you?"

They shrugged as I rubbed my eyes.  I still had miles to go on my paper.  Cops were definitely en route.

"What?", said Jason, "You think we could get busted for this?"

I laugh, sit down and Kym comes over and massages my neck.

"It was awesome babe.  It was like unleashing doom.  So fucking loud and goddamn my shoulder...", she smiles.

"You ok?"

"I'll let you rub me...", she said suggestively, "if you're good."

I look at both of them.  Jason was starting to nod out on the couch and Kym was staring at me while twirling her hair with one finger.  The whole felony thing they committed was already forgotten.  Nothing registers when you are this high.  
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/34upzf/why_guns_are_bad/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-05 13:34:30, # COMMENTS: 46, SCORE: 74
TITLE: Rehab Chick, POST BODY: Note:  Before I get asked - I like Kym too much to tell everything.  Some of this is fake, some real and many events have been squished into one for entertainment.  Mainly my entertainment.



Mary and I were at that 2 year mark and things were going from exciting to routine.  Dependable and stable.  Mary was set to graduate in 2 years and I would follow in 3.  She was specializing in internal medicine and I was studying engineering.  In many ways it was an old fashioned love affair.  Mary would not live under my roof unwed and so our summers were spent apart writing long, tortured love letters to each other.  Well I was tortured.  Mary was having a blast in Europe.  

That summer, Mary went to Italy and I went to Heaven.  Or Hell during the bouts without any heroin.  My roommate Jason started selling coke and heroin and I just sort of fell into his patterns.  A little here, a little there.  Life was the same though.  I still took classes in the summer.  I still wrote Mary long tortured love letters.  Not much changed.  I just felt a whole lot better because more often than not, I was more serene than the Buddha.

I hadn't seen Mary for months when she finally called.  She was coming to San Francisco.  Her brother was getting married and we were going to the wedding.  Mary was a bridesmaid and bought me an outfit so all I had to do was show up.  But like a fool I brought Jason.  Didn't bother to warn Mary.  It was last minute and Jason was hungry and didn't have lunch plans so I figured why not?  At 20, I did not understand the concept of RSVP or common decency.  But Jason had a couple grams on him which was decent enough for me.

"Wow!  You look amazing", I said honestly.  

Mary walked up and was about to kiss me when she stopped.  Her smile froze when her eyes registered Jason.  I have been accused of not paying attention before but I certainly noticed the rage action on Mary's face.  She glared so hard at Jason that I expected pus to shoot out of her eyes.  But historically, these two never really got along.

"Why is HE here?", asked Mary before I could get my first kiss in months.

"Don't mind me Mary!", yelled Jason loudly, "You'll barely know I'm here!"

"Yeah sorry I didn't know you had to have an invite and..."

"This isn't a kegger with a band you know!", accused Mary.  

"Yeah look Mary I am sorry and-", I stammered.

"No band?", interrupted Jason sincerely.  

Mary looked at Jason like he was a half crushed cockroach twisting around on her dinner plate.

"I'm needed for pictures.  After the ceremony just meet me back at the reception hall", said Mary.  "And no Jason."

Another bridesmaid appeared and Mary's sour expression melted into fake cheery happiness as they skipped merrily off for pictures.  I felt like an asshole in these clothes Mary picked for me.  It was even weirder standing next to Jason who was wearing what he called his Duran Duran suit.  A cheap daffodil yellow suit he found at a thrift store that was too big for him.

"Wanna go do some bumps before the big show?", asks Jason.

"Yes."

Hotel bathrooms are great places to do drugs.  So clean and dignified unlike the filth encrusted holes at the Warfield or Omni.

"Do you think people wonder if we're a gay couple?", asks Jason checking his nostrils in the mirror.

"What did you just say to me?"

"Look at you in your little pretend grown up man outfit that Mary got you!  It's gay dude.  And the way you follow me around in my cool suit...it makes me nervous is all.  I don't want the woman around here to get the wrong vibe.  Plus we went to the bathroom together.  That's weird right?"

"Lets go, its almost time", I say while rinsing water in my nose.

Weddings are boring.  Weddings where your girlfriend is avoiding you and all her relatives hate you are even more boring.  But I don't care.  Fuck it.  A silly smile spreads across my face.  I look over at Jason and snatch the sunglasses he's wearing because Mary's relatives are staring at him.  And that was when I noticed her.

She was staring at me.  At first I thought it was my imagination and quickly looked away.  But I looked back and she smiled.  She was tall and even taller in her high heels so it was easy to spot her.  A slim girl, dyed red hair faded to pink wearing a black dress that traced a thin, athletic body.  Little touches like her dyed hair or the slender spiked collar around her neck made her stand out even more.  She was smiling at me.  Not a bored to be here pleasant smile.  It was an inviting hungry carnivore's smile.  I could see her sharp canine teeth glittering pearly white beneath hotel chandeliers.  Was this for real?  I looked back and she was still watching me.  

Two people were tying the knot in front of us and she was turned away from the action and staring straight at me.  She stood out like a weirdo that gets into an elevator and turns around to face the crowd.  Other people noticed.  Like my girlfriend.  And I was mesmerized.  Every glance I took lingered longer until I was just staring back...Our eyes were locked in an open blur that did not seem awkward but made everyone around us freak out a little.   Jason elbows me.

"Mary is giving you shit eye.  Quit staring at that chick!", Jason mutters.

"I can't help it!", I answer as I sneak a look up at Mary who is GLARING at me from the stage.  

Some words are uttered, candles are lit and Hurray 2 people get married.  There is clapping and people begin to move around and my view of the girl is interrupted.  The girl is now talking to another tall girl next to her and I look up on stage.  Mary is beckoning me but I pretend to miss this and glance away.  A photographer beckons Mary back for pictures her plastic pleasantness returns.  

"Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres to follow the ceremony", says Jason reading my detailed invitation.  "I'm starving man lets go."

In the lobby a classical quartet plays Locatelli as Jason finds the open bar.  There is food and everyone spills out in this area to await the bride, groom and attendants.  But they are still outside with the photographers to capture the city and bay views.  And mercy...there she is.  Walking straight towards me.

"That was weird huh?  Did I make you uncomfortable?", asks the girl with the paralyzing smile.

Her sea blue eyes search my face for answers but I was stunned.  Prey caught in headlights stunned.  Her beauty, the drugs, her beauty, social pressure, her beauty... All I could focus on was her eye makeup.  It looked like something Cleopatra would wear.  

Confused and self conscious I light a smoke as I struggle for vocabulary.  As I awkwardly introduced myself Jason appears with a flute of champagne and a plate of tiny, expensive sandwiches.  He inserts himself and stares politely at me waiting for me to continue my not so smooth introduction.

"And so yeah.  I am a student and I uh study engineering..."

Jason nods like a fool and I can feel him gearing up to be Jason but she ignores him like he isn't there.

"I'm Kym.  I quit rehab.  Yesterday.  I'm here with my sister and I hate weddings."

Jason coughed, laughed and nodded,  "Well said sister!  I'm Jason and also hate this gathering of imbeciles but I am hungry and-"

Kym grabs my arm and pulls me away.  I trail after her and looked back as Jason opens his arms and mouths, What the fuuuck?

"Can you get me high?", asks Kym as she click clacks away on impossibly high heels across the marble lobby floor.  

The wedding portraits would be done soon and the reception was about to start but I followed her deeper into the hotel.

"But...what?  You just left rehab!"

"Yeah the key word is 'left'.  My parents put me in rehab.  I 'left'.  You holding or what?  Oh I get it.  Your boyfriend back there has the shit right?  Do you guys have any H?  I want to smoke some fucking foil trails right now..."

"Actually powder.  Alright hold on.  Wait here", I say.

"Not going anywhere", she winks snatching the cigarette from my hand and smoking it.

"Jason!  C'mere!", I whisper as he talks to an elderly couple about his days in the Navy.  All lies.

"What?", says Jason eyeing me curiously.

"Give me a bag."

"What?", laughs Jason, "Let me guess...that girl?  Kym?  Man I was on to that chick from the get go.  I can see where she's coming from!  Trust me man, just walk away son.  Walk away."

"What the fuck are you talking about?", I ask, "Just give me a bag asshole."    

"Alright but you owe me $40 for this half..."

I follow Kym through another reception hall that was empty.  In the corner we find a table and do bumps.

"Oooohh yeeesss....fuccck!  Fuck!  FUCK!", Kym gasps as she pounds the table.  She wore a silver bracelet that had tiny skulls and bells on it that made a chiming clatter each time it smacked the wood.

"You ok?"

She leveled her eyes back at me like at the wedding and I felt it again.  That otherworldly connection that electrified my body and made me stand up tall and proud...But on the other hand I felt this has to be some sort of a mistake right?  Why would someone like Kym pay any attention to me?  I kept expecting her to leave or maybe her boyfriend would walk in...but nothing happened.  Then everything happened.  

"The first 3 nights in rehab are hell!  But after that you get hungry...Hungry for food!  Hungry for partying!  Hungry for fucking!", she whispers into my ear as we make out in the empty room.  

She devours me.  We start to go at it and I feel like I was fighting as well as loving.  Kisses so fierce....

"Oh MY God Magnum!", yells Jason from the doorway.  

Kym was straddling me and I had my hands up her dress and somehow my shirt was unbuttoned.

"Jesus guys!  Put the fucking drugs away!", hisses Jason coming inside the hall.

Heroin was on the table.  2 bumps, the rolled dollar bill and baggie.

I lift Kym off my lap, button my shirt and was about to get up but had to pause...Kym is a very attractive woman.  Way beyond my level so I could not stand just yet without attracting attention.  But Jason killed my boner no problem.

"Mary sent me to find you.  Time for reception.  You know food, drink, toasts to the newly weds and dances with your girlfriend..."

I glare at him and he smiles innocently.  Kym did another bump and slides the dollar to me to hit the last one.

"I know we just met but can I crash at your place?  I need to figure some shit out", asks Kym.

"Yes", I answer without hesitation.  There never was any question.  

Jason's eyes got big and then he smiles.

"Realllllly?  Gonna crash at OUR place are we?", he gloats.

"Lets get the fuck out of here", said Kym pulling her dress around her thighs and straightening her bra straps I had been wrestling. "You guys got a car?"

"Well actually we took the bus because the Muni drops us off-", I began to explain but Kym smiled and put her finger on my lips.

"Meet me out front", she said grabbing her purse as she walks out.

"What are we doing?", asks Jason lighting a smoke and squinting at me sideways.

I shrug and we walk out into the hotel.  I see Mary's aunt who cranks her head to follow my path out the front door.  Outside were a lot of Mary's friends and relatives that eyed me uncomfortably.  In the light of the day maybe this was a bad idea.  Jason snorted loudly, hacked up a chunk of snot and spit it in the street as we waited.  People hate us.

Mary appeared.  Jason nudged me and I look over.  She is stomping towards me.  Yep.  She was quite livid.

"What are you doing?", asks Jason with a grin, "That rehab chick is crazy!  Those Depeche Mode, Smiths, Cure goth bitches in black are all the same and best to be avoided-"

"What the fuck are you doing?", yells Mary while angrily waving a bouquet of roses at me.

"Look Mary", I smile looking around...Everyone was watching.  The bridesmaid yelling at the bum in borrowed clothing.  "I haven't heard from you in a month..."

Everyone felt it before it appeared.  

WHUMMMP WHUMMMP WHUMMMMMMPP!  Deep bass droned shaking windows and bones.  The Sentra pulled up vibrating everything in a 1500 square foot area.  GETO BOYS!  GETO BOYS! DON'T FUCK WITH ME!, boomed the stereo.  Everyone turned their heads at the intrusion and you could feel them all thinking WHAT THE FUCK?  

It was Kym.  She got out and all eyes rolled to her.  The car thumped out a mutant mix of Geto Boys and Lynrd Skynrd's Sweet Home Alabama.  Kym walked up to me and stood there as Mary fumed.  Her voice was drowned out as the bass thumped.

"Who is this person?", yelled Mary pointing at Kym.

"I was invited", said Kym leaning against me.  

Mary's eyes were framed with tears of rage but also sorrow...I felt the old times.  Good times.  There was love between us.  But so much had changed.  And Kym, like a meteor from above annihilated the old ways in one harsh blow.  I have known her for less than 3 hours yet I climb into the passenger seat for the ride.  Jason waves cheerfully to people he doesn't know and gets in the back of Kym's car as she peels out of the hotel entrance.

"Who's car is this?" yells Jason over the mind numbingly loud music.

"My sister's", smiles Kym looking at me, "I stole it.  I hope you guys are OK if I crash for awhile because today I am burning all my bridges!"
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/34ywl3/rehab_chick/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-06 13:12:38, # COMMENTS: 50, SCORE: 98
TITLE: Prescription Highs and Corporate Lows, POST BODY: Zoe the soulless Supervisor reports directly to me.  I am her boss.  This is why it never fails to amaze me that she shamelessly claws after my job and openly complains about me to our superiors.  But Zoe is a not new creature.  I have worked long enough to know her type which is why I study her intently as she babbles about Aeronautical Emission Standards.  Zoe lacks poise and polish and speaks too fast in her high, tinny voice.  Her horse teeth don't help either.  But she is young and ambitious.  If she wasn't so socially awkward she would climb faster.  People like Zoe have intellectual merit yet lack social finesse.  They are embarrassing at company parties.  I glance at her slides praying none of my points are in there.  This bitch has stolen from me before.  

But I steal too.  From her and anyone else.  We all do.  Fucking corporate douche bags braying like donkeys for the 3 executives in the room.  This is the worst kind of meeting.  No snacks, no birthday cakes, no fucking point.  Just a room full of dimwits who should be working but have instead made elaborate presentations about what they WOULD be doing IF they were actually working.  My phone vibrates like a heartbeat against my leg.  I live by The Code.  It is 10:00am.  The Code says take some oxy so I casually palm a pill, crunch it up and sip coffee.  Doctor's orders.

I will not do heroin at work.  This environment is too unpredictable and wild.  The stakes are way too high to be that fucked up.  This meeting popped up 30 minutes ago.  People scramble like motherfuckers to justify their livelihoods.  They think of mortgages, their children's futures and social status as they prove themselves valuable and irreplaceable.  This is fucked up and wrong but EXACTLY the kind of shit people with power enjoy pulling.  Like a dog humping your leg, the executives enjoy displays of power.  So you must be ready.  And heroin is not a ready drug.   

Ahh but oxycodone...Now that is a corporate drug!  Thebaine stimulates you and gives you that winning smile and firm handshake!  Helps you bellow out HI HOW ARE YOU DOING BOB!  GREAT TO SEE YA BUDDY! - when you actually hate Bob and fantasize about slitting his fat fucking throat.

I can see Bob's blood drip down my arm as Zoe rushes her last point and Dan the Man VP of Sales asks for clarification.  This makes Zoe turn bright red with shame.  Like Bob's blood.  She mutters her final points.  I can't help but notice that 2 of her 3 points are criticisms against her boss who happens to be me.  But no one cares.  She lost momentum, sits down and stares at her feet.  

Ahh, my turn.  I look at her but she refuses to meet my gaze.  Attack your boss in a meeting eh?  With a casual flick I turn off the monitor behind me that casts Zoe's presentation.  I don't need any spreadsheets or graphs.  That filler is for pussies.  I work from memory for I am pro.   I lay out hard facts and point out flaws.  Zoe's flaws.  I slam her in everything but name.  Leaving her nameless screams ZOE much louder.  

I am known for this no nonsense approach.  It is the Mask I wear at work.  5 minutes into my presentation I feel the first little fingerlings of euphoria reach up and tickle the back my brain.  Ohhhh yeahhhh....By the end of my little show I have presented a positive spin, a solid schedule plus a novel solution I thought up while standing there.  Before I take my seat I wink at the cute intern who is taking Meeting Notes.  

Then I look at Zoe the Soulless.  YOU FEEL THAT YOU HORSE FACED BITCH?    

As the rush hits me full strength the meeting ends and I walk out with The Boys.  Executive level go-getter, plastic-faced douche bags.  We speak of professional sports, island getaways and real estate margins.  But on the way back to my office I sit with my nemesis Zoe and her team.  I put on a Pleasant Mask as we talk of coffee, weather and lunch spots.  I let my oxycodone fueled charisma ooze out over her staff.  They love me for Zoe is an unpleasant hard ass.  The type of person who doesn't understand the concept of tipping makes a cruel boss.  

But I buy everyone bagels and muffins because I understand the Game.  And I make nice with Zoe.  We talk about her parrot.  That fucking bird is the closest clue we have that Zoe is a mammal with feelings.  So I praise the parrot to lower Zoe's guard.   Fucking screwy bitch.  I gently let her know where she fucked up so we can fix it.  She accepts this.  I know she grows smarter with each blow but we need to stay competitive.  China is kicking our ass.  I give her more resources to show her that I do not harbor grudges even though I KNOW and YOU KNOW you just tried to FUCK me in front of the executives.  

But I need Zoe.  In reality she does 85% of my work while I sit around high as fuck reading Reddit.  

My lunch is ruined as an ambitious newly minted engineer nervously sits near me to talk about her 2016 goals.  My roast beef sandwich could be a thing of art.  Freshly baked bread, thinly sliced Prime Rib, organic butter lettuce and vine ripened tomato with just a dab of mayonnaise...but no.  Not even the artisan potato chips help.  I must talk.  I hate talking when I could be eating.  But the oxy helps.  I let her feel good for I know what a long walk it was to approach me when I am eating alone.  She means well.  But in my mind I make a mental note to go out tomorrow so I can eat in peace.

At 1pm The Code buzzes me and I chew another pill.  God damn what a beautiful day.  Actually its raining, gray and miserable but I feel awesome.  I feel so awesome I get up and leave.  Fuck this place.  I have programmed my planner app to release my report summaries and schedules at exactly 6:13pm in case my bosses are checking time stamps.  

The newspaper kiosk guy hates me.  But to be fair, he hates everyone.  Working a kiosk in a train station exposes him to a cross section of humanity that is just too disgusting to contemplate.  He argues with a woman who complains her shitty $2 coffee sucks.  His command of the English language does not allow him to scream BITCH IT'S $2 COFFEE WHAT DO YOU WANT?!  

As she proves what an unpleasant fuck of a human being she is I think of reaching over and stealing a pack of smokes.  No one would suspect me in my office disguise.  So I reach over and grab one.  I palm it casually.  I can walk away.  But I don't.  I pay for it and leave as he scowls at me because he KNOWS what I did.

Would the younger me have stolen those smokes?  Maybe.  Maybe not.  Maybe I was never that kind of a person....Wow.  Me the Nice Guy?  Really?  I contemplate this as I wait for a train to get out of here.  Damn its only Wednesday.  Wednesday is the asshole of the work week.  

Once I'm in my seat I look around.  I know no one in the car.  I take off my corporate Mask and sigh with relief.  Barely pulled 5 hours today.  Without my Mask I am a fragile, frightened human being.  Afraid of the world, afraid of the future and afraid of myself and what I have become.  Is this what it feels like to be old?, I wonder rubbing my face.    

The kid that sits next to me on the train reeks of bread and pizza.  His eyes are dead and he is clearly exhausted.  Someone rode his ass for 8 solid hours.  The burns on his forearms are familiar as I worked a bakery job in school and know those baking rack scars well.  

I feel tired and spent because I was up late last night being high.  I feel ripped off because I spent my lunch talking about work.  But this kid covered in flour?  That is real work and for not much pay at all I bet.  I can see the kid's phone and he's looking at Craigslist rental listings.  Is he being kicked out?  Is he moving?  Hell, my only concern is If I run out of oxy will my house of cards lifestyle crumble?  

But then the train departs.  The kid puts on headphones and zonks out.  I sit back and fall under the humming spell of travel as I stare out the window.  2 more days of this shit and the weekend comes.  I yawn and go back on Reddit.  God these fucking suboxone questions..., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/35324k/prescription_highs_and_corporate_lows/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-07 22:47:11, # COMMENTS: 43, SCORE: 94
TITLE: Fuck Jason, POST BODY: "C'mon babe, he hasn't been home for 3 nights.  Go look for him", said Kym as she wriggles into her hotel uniform for the spa desk.  

The silvery dress was not something Kym would ever buy.  It was a different brand of feminine charm from her usual black, gothic vamp style.  I watch the dress cascade like water over her slim, curved body.  When she shakes her heart-shaped ass to make the dress slide down her thighs I know life is good.  

She catches me staring and arches her eyebrows at me before she turns her back to zip it up.  Then it's makeup.  Her job makeup did not make her skin glow under club lights or frame her huge blue eyes with mysterious Egyptian stares.  It is sensible and subtle.  Makeup for a creature that walked beneath sunny blue skies rather than prowling through dark, smoky nightclubs.  

We were both trying.  I was not as sexy as Kym but I was laser focused on my tasks at hand.  I only cared about my thesis and the 3 finals coming up in my core classes.  I was surfing again at Ocean Beach and Kym was into yoga, dance classes and running through Golden Gate Park past all our junkie friends who waved cigarettes as she shot by like a deer.  

We had not kicked but we cut back on the heroin to the point where we used only on the weekends.  It was bullshit and we both cheated but our bodies glowed in the triumph of less use.  Less heroin, cocaine, junk food and alcohol.  But Jason...

Jason had nothing to care about.  He just drifted through the old routines and seemed baffled when we refused free bumps.  His habits were gaining momentum.  He was shooting heroin, cocaine and meth.  He was thinner and his thoughts more scattered than ever.  Like a demon faced wheel rolling off a cliff Jason gained an unholy momentum and only knew how to go deeper, faster...

But fuck Jason.  He stole our TV again, the Playstation, some rent money and worst of all - Kym's necklace.  The necklace pissed me off as material goods and money can be replaced but not this necklace.  It was an antique silver medallion made in Roman times.  It depicted the god Mithra who according to Kym was her family's ancient religion.  A god of light and truth stolen by a filthy, sneaky rat faced fuck of a human being.

I shrugged noncommittal as she combed her platinum blond hair.  To be honest and to put my high horse attitude in perspective- tonight was Friday and after classes I wanted to snort heroin.  Jason was the easiest to ask but alas, the little shit was gone.

After my physics study group I met Mike at the video store where he stared blankly at lesbian porn.  He nodded when I called his name.

"Yeah?", he droned staring at porn.

"Any more Humboldt?"

"Yeah", said Mike mechanically, eyes still on the lesbians.  He pulled out an 1/8th of weed and tossed it across the counter.  "$45."

Weed was expensive but Humboldt was mind expanding so I paid the man.  I was ready to leave when Mike said, "The cactus is dried...want some?"

Mike's mom grew peyote in Santa Barbara.  Lately I got a lot of psychedelics from Mike.  I nodded.  Mike fished out a hunk of what looked like a shriveled jalapeo slice.

"Careful.  It's pretty good..."

I should have listened.  After I puked up my falafel dinner the intensity set in.  Not just colors going vibrant or sliding walls but reality became heavily distorted.  The demons on the bus coming from work knew I was on to them.  They were planning to get me.  The writing on the bus windows said Hitler, Flowers, Inca, Doom.  I picked up a discarded newspaper.  It was folded to a local story where a homeless guy was found tied to a tree in Golden Gate Park with his throat slit...Ok, I am tripping hard.  Relax...I stare out the window as the blocks rolled by.

My city is so beautiful.  As Victorian houses tumbled past fog enshrouded gothic temples we approached the park.  The same park where the guy was found tied to a tree.  I stood up and yelled, "Let me off this fucking bus!"

The trees swayed and waved giant hands to the night sky as I scurried like a thief through the park.  My heart was pounding but I knew it was the peyote.  I needed to relax...like heroin relax.  My old routines took me to the fountains where I knew I could find dealers.  As I approached a smoky crowd of ganja smoking hippy street kids Melo materialized towards me.

"Hey!  Kym was here looking for you...didn't you hear man?", said Melo.  Behind Melo was his tiny girlfriend Dev wrapped in enormous wool sweaters.  Her eyes drilled  into my soul.  Fuck.  Dev knew...

"Hear what?"

"Jason.  He OD'd.  At the Powell St. BART station.  Looks like he was robbed or something", said Melo.  

Dev walked up still staring at me.

"I told you!  I told all of you!", she pointed at me.

"Honey please not now", hushed Melo.

"They tried to drown him!", she said as her eyes widened.  Dev's head kept changing.  Feathers and scales grew to cover her face as her eyes bulged like pupils staring through goldfish bowls.

My roommate was in a hospital somewhere.  My girlfriend was wandering around Golden Gate Park at night trying to find me.  And here I am.  Tripping out on the Viking runes sliding forth from the foggy city skies...

"Melo", I said in a moment of clarity, "Do you have any powder?  No tar.  Powder."

Dev turned and stalked off in disgust.  Melo looked taken aback too but why?  For Jason?  Fuck Jason.  

"Naw", shrugged Melo.  "I only have Caesar's black tar...but the Vietnamese guys aren't the only ones with the powder."

"Who else?", I asked but felt her staring again.  Dev stood in the glow of a park light pointing at Melo.

"Don't!  Don't you dare!", she said.

Melo looked pissed and walked off.  I followed him.

"He's one of them!", she shrieked as we walked off.

"She's tripping hard lately.  Says she sees shit you know?  People won't hang with us anymore because...never mind", Melo grimaced shaking his head.  "Anyways down this path is Gino.  He has good powder.  But...Dev will flip so you go ahead.  Maybe remember me later?"

I nodded and walked down the path.  The park lights were beacons of civilization. Nestled between two lights was a bench with a man sitting in the shadows.

He was staring at me.  His face was pale and bloated like a drunk and his eyes shimmered like moonlight on water.  I saw him in waves and knew I was still tripping hard.  Now I wanted to stop.  This was the fast way.  I walked up to him.

"Gino?", I asked.  The man nodded.  "Melo told me...well you got any bags?"

"I can help you", the man whispered and I shivered.  His voice wheezed and creaked like air being forced through the wrong pipes.  

I bought two bags.  In my haze I saw green fairy light patterns flow from his hands like glowing runes from sacred texts.  They were not powder.  It was more tar.

"Oh.  I thought you had powder...", I said.

"I do", wheezed Gino who sat as still as a rock in the moonlight.  Then he was standing.  Then he was moving.  I was seeing things in choppy flashes.  "Follow me..."

Gino walked off the lit path into a grove of swaying trees.  I stopped on the path and stood in light.  My heart was pounding.  I could see moving shadows circling in the grove.

"I don't carry it all...come here", commanded Gino's voice from the darkness.  

I want heroin.  I want it so bad.  This life, the pain the hassle and the cold funeral chill when you have no more...I took one step into darkness.

And she started screaming.  A hideously high pitched child's scream.  Sexless and piercing.  I ran back to the light.  

Dev was flopping around on the ground and Melo was holding her.  Some kind of fit.  She puked a slick red stream of sour smelling liquid.  It looked like blood.

"Ugh.  It's box wine", said Melo looking up.  "She's wasted man.  C'mon Dev.  We gotta get you up."

Dev was pale and ghastly white in the park light.  Her lips looked like purple rubies and dripped vomit.  

"I told you not to go there.  They will consume you...", whispered Dev.  "Drowned Boys.  Walk the city.  At night."

Poor Melo.  I have had some interesting girlfriends but this man is a Saint.  Dev is crazy.  Street crazy.  Paints the walls with her own blood crazy...which is why Kym won't let her in our place anymore.

"I will protect you", says Dev in her faraway little girl whisper.

The ground rolls under my feet as the peyote still has me in its grip. The trees bend towards us as if to listen to Dev.  I watch trees bow towards her tiny form as she stares upwards...Thin arms stretched toward a black sky.  Fuck this.

I excuse myself from the madness and stumble towards the street.  I walk along the avenue that borders the park.  Half city and half nature.  I don't believe in Heaven so I think of crossing the street when light washes over me.  In the intensity of the beam I see modern age demons made of glass dancing and then...a deafening HONK!  I freeze as the sound tears through me like a shotgun blast.

"Hey!  There you are!"

I shield my face and turn away.  Something weird is happening.

"Hey!  Babe!  What the fuck is wrong with you?"

I look up.  Jesus.  It's Kym.  

"Get in!", she commands so I enter.  I stare at her like a freak.

"Fuck.  What are you on?"

"Peyote."

"Great.  You know we're going to the hospital right?  Man I don't need this shit", says Kym lighting a cigarette as she stomps on the gas and wheels away.

So much starlight in the car.  The dashboard is like a 3D map of the galaxy...I think I say this out loud because Kym gives me an amused smile.  I pull out the heroin.

"I, I...Kym I need this.  Need.  Now." I hold up the bags.

In the parking lot of the hospital we smoke some heroin from a lightbulb Kym had stashed in her car.  My face is stretched to a new dimension in the bulb reflection...

"Best way to smoke tar...", says Kym sucking in the vinegar smoke.

"Yeah...", I agree.  I feel EVERYTHING in the universe.

"This is messed up", chokes Kym.  "Jason OD'd and we're fucking smoking out of a lightbulb in the hospital parking lot!"

I want to say something nice but I'm gone.  I watch a cartoon sky pulse and tear apart.  From the rip in the sky falls gummy lobsters bright, colorful and shiny...

"Babe lets go see him", says Kym pulling on my jacket, "C'mon...Fuck I can't stand up!"

But I can.

"Wait here.  I'll go get Jason", I say and stumble towards the hospital building.  

Weird red lights race around the sky like fireballs.  I enter the temple of light and walk to a desk.  The angel in the castle turret stares at me.

"Where are you going my man?", asks the angel pleasantly.

"Jason Rusca", I say.

"Rusca?  Hmmmm", says this being of light but another spirit besides it speaks to me.

"The OD boy?  He's right there man.  Hurry before visiting hours end.  You got 8 minutes."

Ah the 8 fold path, I muse walking towards the room.  Inside is Jason.  Two black eyes, a cut on his head and his foot is elevated and wrapped like a mummy.

"Dude!", he grins.  

"I have come to visit you", I announce solemnly.

Jason stares at me for a second and then starts laughing.

"Fuuuuck me!  What are you on man?"

I shrug.  It would take too long to explain.

"Look dude", says Jason, "in the closet is my jacket.  Check the inside pocket with the zipper."

I obey and unzip the jacket.  Inside I feel tobacco crumbs, coins and a slithery chain which I pull out.  It is Kym's necklace.  My eyes widen.  I look upon the face of Kym's old god.  He is a stern deity and appears to be slitting the throat of a bull.

"Tell Kym I'm sorry ok?  Yeah I sold it but I got it back today.  But the price...well thats why I'm here man!", laughs Jason wiggling his wrapped foot.

"What?"  

"Never mind dude but thanks for coming OK?", says Jason.

"I am really fucked up", I announce holding the chain.

"Yeah don't rub it in", says Jason holding up a button that he starts clicking over and over.  "This is supposed to be morphine.  Sometimes it works but mostly I just click the fucking thing..."

"I must leave now Jason Rusca."

"Ok.  Sure.  Hey don't eat all my strawberry Pop Tarts ok?"

"Yes Jason Rusca.  Good bye."

"FuckinA!", laughs Jason as I leave.

It takes me forever to find Kym's car but I do.  I go inside.  Kym is nodded out so I caress the purple hair out of her eyes and crawl in besides her.  She wakes up for a second annoyed, sees its just me and melts into my embrace.

"Is he alive?", asks Kym.

"Yes."

"Thank goodness", yawns Kym.  

I hang her ancient necklace from the rearview mirror so she will see it when she awakes.  And I pass out on this tiny uncomfortable carseat.  

Fuck Jason. , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3596k2/fuck_jason/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-08 21:25:42, # COMMENTS: 25, SCORE: 85
TITLE: These Are My Friends, POST BODY: We had been doing coke to energize us for the cold walk home but Kym likes to dance when she's high.  So I sit with Jason and mixed in little bumps of H with my cocaine.  I let these 2 pillars of heaven argue over my soul as I sit back and observe.  I realize I don't like people much.  I am pretty cut off from humanity.  As these cynical thoughts simmer in my skull I see her.  

Kym.  Man when the spirit is on her she dances with this overflowing light that radiates sexuality like a supernova.  People stare.  I am just starting to get used to living with a woman who turns heads.  Her new hair color is blonde and now they stare like goons.  Men and women constantly approach her as if they can't help themselves.  Like moths to her fire. 

And she picks me?  Madness. 

"Yeah she's smart and rich and beautiful.  Don't worry I'm sure you'll blow it someday", remarked Jason cheerfully when I brought it up.

It is 1:45am on a Tuesday night in San Francisco, California.  The alcohol fueled madness of the night is reaching a fevered pitch inside the Lucky 13.  The DJ is playing the lowest common denominator drunk classics for the crowd.  REO Speedwagon is cranked to abnormally loud levels as a multitude of drunks from all walks of life scream along, "...AND I MEANT -  EVERY WORD I SAID - WHEN I SAID THAT I LOVED YOU I MEANT THAT I LOVE YOU FOREVER!

And in the middle of this drunken maelstrom Kym whirls and dances and screams along into her beer bottle microphone, "I DON'T WANNA SLEEP!  I JUST WANNA KEEP ON LOVIN' YOOOOU!" and as the song ends she howls a YEAAAAH! and casually tosses the beer bottle over her shoulder as she walks back to the table.  I watch it sail over the dance floor and shatter against a wall raining shards and beer down on a table of corporate guys in suits.  They seem confused for a second and then go back to whatever they were doing.  I look at Jason.  His mouth is hanging open.  He slowly turns his head towards me.  

"Did you see that?"

"Yeah."

"That was awesome!"

"Maybe we should get going", I suggest looking around nervously.  But miraculously, no one seems to have noticed my girlfriend threw a Anchor Steam beer bottle across the room.  

"No man.  Give her more coke.  I want to see what she does next."

Kym stalks up to the table like an apex predator and plants her hands on both sides and leans down towards me.  Her kisses include little playful bites and my lower lip is always sore.

"Last call boys", she smiles wide and cat-like, "Should we get another round or go?"

"Lets go", I say quickly.

"Ok but I gotta stop by Lucky1 for smokes", says Jason.

"And you", says Kym grabbing my ass, "need to get some supplies too."

I could feel my face turning red...I look at Jason who is laughing.

"She means condoms man!"

Kym saunters towards the club door and Jason grabs me.

"Dude when you're banging later can me do me a favor?"

I look at him balefully.

"Make her say my name ok?  Make her say 'Jason! Oh Jason!'  C'mon man do me this favor!"

By the door Kym is arguing with two girls over some random thing and I sense a scene so I pull her and Jason out into the night air.

"Go back to the fucking suburbs bitch!", screams Kym as we head across the street.

At Lucky1, the proprietor Arjun was wrestling a drunk old Mexican man out of his store.  The old man is so drunk he takes a wild swing at Arjun and falls over to the street.

"I am calling police!", says Arjun as Kym and Jason walk past him into the store.  Arjun looks at me.

"How do you say 'I call police' in Spanish?"

"Uhm, let's see.  I think its Chinga tu madre", I say.

"Chinga tu madre!", says Arjun and the drunk old man stands up and gets into a boxing stance.

"Don't come back!", says Arjun closing the door and peering outside.  "Ah good.  He is leaving.  I hate these people type!"

Arjun is from India and runs the Lucky1 for a relative.  This 24 hour market is the soul of the neighborhood after 2am.  From high school kids shoulder tapping for beer to meeting your connection in the parking lot at 4:00am everyone loves the Lucky1.  Arjun fixes a display of donuts that was kicked over.  

Everything expensive is behind the counter including cigarettes and condoms.  Jason buys cigarettes and leaves.  When its my turn Arjun leans close to me and speaks.

"What is wrong with your wife?"

I look back and Kym is dressed head to toe in black with a black leather jacket and large black wrap around sunglasses.  She standing perfectly still with a blank expression on her face.

"Arjun I have no wife."

"What?  Why wont you marry?"

"Who?"

"Her!"

"Can I have some condoms please?  The yellow box there", I point.

"Oh ho!  You need lube?"

I look around wildly.  What the hell is wrong with everyone?

"No!  How much?"

"She is good woman.  Nice hips.  Blonde.  Good.  You see.  Good."

"Thanks Arjun."

I go outside with Kym.  Jason is there.

"Thanks for distracting him dude.  Check it out", says Jason.  He opens his jacket and shows me 2 boxes of donuts.  Powdered and Chocolate.

"What the...What is wrong with you?", I ask Jason as Kym helps herself to a powdered donut.

'What?  I paid for my smokes!", says Jason indignantly.  

"I didn't", says Kym as she flicks her wrist and a pack of Marlboro Lights drops out of her jacket sleeve into her hand. 

These are my friends.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/35cw8f/these_are_my_friends/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-10 01:52:41, # COMMENTS: 20, SCORE: 72
TITLE: Las Vegas, Escorts and Pig Racing, POST BODY: "Men", huffed the windbag known as Dave, "I sense an opportunity.  One of those golden moments where deals are forged!  We just gotta push a little harder team! Snyder?"

"Ok David", said the sycophant known as Pete Snyder, "I have Jill in engineering shopping the new specs but no one can commit to the cuts..."

I stare at them.  I hate them.  I wish I was anywhere but here.  Traveling with coworkers has pushed me to the brink of a psychotic breakdown.  Pete cannot call Dave Dave because he is too low on the totem pole.  So he calls him David.  This annoys me.  

Dave addresses us as 'Men' because he once did a team building exercise with an ex US Army Captain.  Now he feels that being in charge of a sales division equates him to the poor bastards that live, die and bleed for us overseas in foreign wars.  

Cunt.  Pus.

Fuck him.  If I have to sit through another one of his pep talks about why we are better than the other purple assed baboons screaming in the forest I will lose my fucking shit.  We come from nothing and shall return to nothing.  NOTHING.  

And he won't shut the fuck up:

"We have 2 days max to ramp up our deal pot.  Sweeten it.  I'll run interference on Jim and his team but we are pushing specs gentlemen.   Engineering will push back.  I know Jill and she is a cagey one.  We need someone to sign off on those cuts ASAP.  Men!  Whats the ETA on the push team's effort?  Dylan!  I need a frontline commitment to swing these guns..."

I understand the banter and it takes every ounce of self control not to smash my ice tea glass against Dave's skull.  Las Vegas is a paradise to these fools.  They drink, gamble, pretend to be big men spending company credit on expensive dinners and "strategizing" at all night drinking parties with willowy Korean girls at hostess bars.  

Being married I have a perfect excuse to not join in.  This doesn't stop most of the team.  But marriage to my wife is not keeping me on the straight and narrow path.  Nope.  It's drugs.  These pills allow me to sit in an Alaskan themed lodge swilling century old liquors with people I loathe as they play Keno and lie to each other.  These pills allow me keep a neutral expression as my colleagues collaborate at breakfast trying to figure out ways to disguise whoring on expense reports....These pills keep me from going to the gun trade show downstairs, buying a Glock 22 and putting holes in you meat bag soulless pieces of shit...Ahhhh but I digress.  

And I am running out.  Running out of time and pills.

This business trip was supposed to be 3 days and 2 nights.  The debauchery and promise of a new deal has created 2 more nights and now...?  Talk of a third?  My days are measured in pills.  2 pills equals 4 hours MAX.  It should be 3 pills but I must conserve.  At 2 pills I am no longer high.  It merely holds back the demons and pushes away the coffin cold crushing vice grip of withdrawal...

I do my presentation for the executive buyers.  I rush it.  But in front of people my Mask does the work.  I smile, assure them and SELL like a motherfucker.  I sit down, sip my ice tea and close my eyes for a second to feel the euphoria lick my brain...and open them to Dave.

Dave is fucking up.  He is obviously hungover and tripping over his spiel.  I don't think he knows jack shit about what we are trying to do.  He is assuring without understanding.  The other side of the table senses this too.  Fuck.  No more.  I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE ANYMORE!  

I clear my throat.

"Dave?  Sorry to do this now but we went with your recommendation...Yeah just heard it over the wire", I smile benignly hoping he has enough brain left to catch on.  

All eyes are on me and my Mask.

"The...?", fumbles Dave.

"You know.  Your schematics on the cuts?  All taken care of.  I just went over it with Jill.  You mind if I...?" I gesture vaguely at the table.

I offer Dave dignity.

"Go ahead.  I must have missed it while on the conference call..", he says professionally.  Fucking Harvard piece of shit.  

"Ok thanks Dave.  Gentlemen what we are trying to accomplish is this -"

After 10 minutes I am humming with power.  Dave has acknowledged my Save and the team is relieved.  I look polished and professional.  But in reality I am running out of opiates and want to go home.

We celebrate that night.  More debauchery at a nice Japanese steak house.  My plane tickets are confirmed.  I'm packed.  I am happy again.  I take my medicine in the restroom with a SNORT.  Ahh.  Wasteful but my favorite delivery method...Straight to the old brain.  Bypasses the steak and sashimi in my gut. 

The team splits up for the last night.  They go out into the neon beast and sacrifice the only thing that is sacred in Vegas.  Money.   And I go back to my room.  My message light blinks.  I sigh.  Probably more bullshit.  I push PLAY.

"Hey handsome I lost your celly but have a good memory for room numbers...", giggles the escort I met 2 nights ago, "But I came through.  Still down?  Call me at..."

I write down the number.  Hmm.  Charlotte was the second prostitute I had in my room since my arrival in Vegas.  The first one was Hanna and she was one freaky, sketchy bitch.  From Hanna I discovered Vegas is a METH town.  I gave her $75 just to leave.  No way I wanted anything to do with the scabs and sores on her.  

But Charlotte...Stripper from New Mexico that works trade show seasons in Vegas.  A mother of twins and poppy fan.  Same flavor as me so we get along.  I paid her $275 for 10 Roxi 30s.  She wanted $300 but I pointed out you want $25 or do you want to do Roxis with me?  We did some bumps and become buddies.  I bought her some cocktails downstairs on my corporate card.  Business baby.

Now she has half bags of brown powder for $100.  These bags were taxed and skinny but I had no scale nor options.  

Charlotte says she is a African American, Native American, Irish and Mexican.  She looks like a cocoa skinned, pug nosed, freckly brunette with huge tits to me.  I ignore her life story.  She doesn't ask mine.  We both seem relieved to know I will not be paying for sex. 

"Don't take this the wrong way but I just want to get high", I tell her while chopping up lines with my room card.   

"Good because I slept funny last night.  My neck is killing me", said Charlotte watching me work.

I snorted a few bumps and shared.  I kept my pills in my case for the ride home.  We watched pig races on TV.  

"I made a $1000 off a pig once", smiled Charlotte dreamily.

I was getting high enough not to answer these strange missives from the Universe.  So I smiled instead.  Good brown.  

Charlotte added a joint and we smoked some subpar weed.  She busted out a second one and was looking for her lighter when I became inspired.

"Let's load some H in that shitty weed."

Charlotte handed me the joint when a KNOCK KNOCK! came upon my door.

My room reeked of weed.  I was high on heroin.  I was watching pig races with a prostitute from New Mexico.  So I opened the door.  

It was Dave.

"Hey man thanks for the save bro!", said Dave giving me an awkward handshake that involved some finger clasping I missed out on for I am older than 40 years of age. 

"No problem Dave.  Just trying to wrap this up..."  

My mask was not on.  And I don't think I could reach it from my towering vantage point.  But Dave was shitty drunk.  He did not seem to notice the ganja smoke swirling out into the hallway.  Behind me I could hear Charlotte putting drugs away in hotel drawers.

"Ohhh", smiled Dave peering in, "I didn't know you had company!"

I blinked as I tried to come up with...with something.  Anything.  But Charlotte covered.

"My name is Samantha.  I do 5 point deep tissue massage.  $150 for 20 minutes.  Interested sir?"

"Naw.  I'm good", smiled Dave.  "But seriously bro...Thanks.  Thanks!  I owe you man.  Big time."
  
He winked and left.  Bastard.

Charlotte and I got almost nodded out high but not quite.  We could still stumble around the room for beverages and snacks.  I put all my stuff in the hotel safe just in case but I felt safe with Charlotte.  I had room service bring us up grilled cheese with tomatoes, curly fries and a turkey club with avocado.  

Around 2:30am Charlotte asked if her friend could come over?  She was working next hotel over as a cocktail waitress.  I said Sure.  My suite is huge and I am high.  The more the merrier.

Manda showed up around 3am and ate my fries and raided the hotel bar.  She wasn't into heroin.  Manda was a pixie redhead wearing a toga from her job next door at Caesar's.  We were smoking another joint and watching Caddy Shack when someone KNOCK KNOCK'd upon my door.

My room reeked of weed.  I was high on heroin.  I was hanging out with a prostitute from New Mexico, a pixie redhead wearing a toga, we are watching Caddy Shack and eating curly fries.  So I open the door.  It was Beth from Marketing.  

Wait.  What?

And now here is Beth.  A chubby blond with 3 kids, great husband named Stan who did the brakes on my truck for FREE.  My brain did cartwheels trying to piece together WHY Beth from Marketing would knock knock on my door at 3:30am?  My brain failed me.  Weakling.

"Ohhh fuck I'm sorry I just thought, you know how we like...?", mumbles Beth.

She was hammered and holding my door frame to maintain upright.  Beth was wobbly eyed and looked inside my suite.  The girl in the toga waved cheerfully but Charlotte was too busy watching Caddy Shack and smoking a joint.

"I just...I just...", said Beth and then she started to do this weird hiccup drunken boo hoo hoo cry.  

I don't need this but man I am high.  Manda picked up on Beth right away and came over.

"Heeeey...Are you ok sweety?", she asked rubbing Beth's back and guiding her into my suite to the couch where we were doing drugs.  

I thought of leaving.  Vegas is open 24/7.  But this is my room.  Beth is my coworker.  All these strange women, their highs, their lows and tears.  All on me.  

So I called a meeting.  Charlotte nodded out but I could count on Manda.  We walked Beth home 2 floors down.  Her roommate Sheila the new Marketing Associate Director was passed out on her bed wearing really cool underpants.  Her panties were white but had a angry panda bellowing from her crotch.  

We put Beth on her bed, covered her up and left.  Manda was a Las Vegas pro.  Like she helped strangers put their coworkers back into their rooms all the time.  We hugged goodbye before she helped Charlotte into the cab.  As they pulled away I looked at my watch.  4:38am.  The sun would catch up with me soon.  I was high.  But professionally so.  From that half gram I had a bump waiting and one upon waking up at 10:00am.  I'd hit it before 11:30am checkout.  I'll keep 3 pills in my pocket.  Swallow 2 before I get on the plane.  Snort the last one 1.5 hours into the flight to glide home opiate happy and sane.  

And when I get home...I can FINALLY get high.       , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/35gzes/las_vegas_escorts_and_pig_racing/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-12 13:19:00, # COMMENTS: 50, SCORE: 99
TITLE: Curse of the Office Opiate Hangover, POST BODY: I am so hungover from opiates, alcohol and sleep deprivation that I can barely reach over to feebly slap the snooze button.  The previous night holds me tight to my warm, loving bed...The toxins I employed to maintain social sanity are punishing me.  I took what doctor ordered, tripled it twice...and slammed it down with alcohol and Chinese food.  Now it is 5:03am and Fate mocks me.  

The alarm insists and I am a professional...Or so I tell myself as I groan and stand up.  I stagger wildly across the still bedroom floor to the bathroom.

The face in the mirror is puffy and defeated.  My left eyeball is bloodshot, buttermilk yellow and freaky looking compared to the right one.  My mouth is bone dry and my teeth feel like pebbles found in a desert grave.  The black rims around my swollen eyes look stare balefully at me.  These eyes have circled the sun 42 times and at 5am they sure look it.  

Keep moving forward the brain instructs.  

I feebly exercise in the morning gloom.  So cold and weak.  The cat fucks with me.  Her tail whips across my face repeatedly as I struggle to do push ups.  

"Mrowr?  Meowrrr?  Mrowr?", inquires the ancient soul.  

This translates to: Give me food!  What lie are you perpetuating today?  Give me food!

I shower, shit and shave.  Not always in this order.  And somedays there is no shitting but I always shower and shave.  I need a comforting routine for I am a human who enjoys his rut.  The cat appreciates this rut as well because food always plops down before I disappear into the shower.  

I drink coffee and eat half a toasted peanut butter sandwich with plum jam.  Just enough to escort the medication comfortably to my gut.  Powerful NSAIDs, some ER morphine and oxycodone.  But because of last night's drinking I am still fucked up, nauseous and wobbling.  I think of puking but I already took my pills.  So no way Jose.  I will not waste that morphine and oxycodone.  But maybe I should make it a priority to drink a lot of water today.  I pour a glass and begin.    

Three times on my commute I feel a panic attack coming and think wildly of turning back.  Just get off and turn around!  But I don't.  I stare out the window at the landscape blurring by and will myself to wear the Mask.  Become that man.  Hell, you already woke up...that is half the battle.  

I pull into work alive as the morphine and oxy prop me up.  Not high mind you, but almost functional.

But not functional enough.  I feel weird.  I answer some emails, deal with a meeting and soothe a bleeding department concern all while in a robotic fugue.  I feel ugh.  Bleah.

My suit is 4 years old.  Unsexy and worn.  My shoes are polished but not glowing and my demeanor is deflated.  Very low key as I drag myself through the paces.  Unfortunately, I work near the Sales department.  Young new blood struts around like roosters in the jungle crowing and preening themselves in their Armani and Italian leather.  Its like they spring out of bed fresh and ready with perfectly parted hair and neatly trimmed beards.  Birds of a feather indeed...these birds are all under 35.  

My flock is aged.  They no longer strut.  They merely guard the nests they have painstakingly made.    

 I am their conduit to the newer generations.  When alone, they secretly ask me of internet technologies they hear about but are too afraid to try.  I explain it and 9 times out of 10 they don't get the big deal. And my reward for joining this flock of crotchety crows?  They tell me of sales on fruit or furniture at Costco, the best brands of weather protection paint and they share hidden oatmeal cookie recipes.  And we huddle together riding out the constant stormy changes in the company.
   
"Nicholas had liquor breath at Wednesday's staff meeting!", gossips Betty Lou from her crooked teeth and weird glasses that turn dark in daylight.  

"But he's in sales", I patiently explain.  

Unmarried and unloved Betty Lou lives for her nieces and not much else.  The fact that I have become part of her social circle which must be less than 5 actual human beings is incredibly depressing. But the woman is pure magic in the governmental archive research facility so I smile.  She does not need to understand Nicholas earned us 7 million in 2 years and pays for her weird glasses.  I excuse myself from the coffee circle and head to the restroom.

Here I snort instant release oxycodone from my coke bullet.  Then I crank it and snort again.  Ahhhh.  I check my nose, splash water on my face and wade back out into the fray.

I feel a little better.  Still stupid as fuck and I know I am staring without comprehension but the thebaine starts to pump its magic through me.  My appetite comes back and I can make small talk with douchebag Doug from Warehouse Management.  I get some coffee, flirt with Brenda from Marketing and visualize a bagel with eggs and tomato slices.  Damn that sounds amazing.  

"Walk with me", I instruct Bill from Accounting as he strolls into my office to hassle me.  

I hate Bill but thebaine makes me patient and carves a little grin onto my dour face.  I have returned to my Mask.  The one they love.  I now seem authoritative and knowledgeable so Bill follows.  I do not care about accounting.  I know there is no money and what money we have we have already spent...but I need to know about basketball scores.

My brain is catching up with the opiates and my schedule so I actually absorb my sports news from Bill.  Our team won.  I get some player totals, a few play of the nights and move on.  I look like I am going places as I stride outside with power and purpose...and I stride right into the the bagel shop.  Here I waste another hour while thinking of my fragile existence.  Built on lies, charisma and charm.  I have no actual skills I muse.  I can't fix a car or cut hair.  After an apocalypse I would be one of the first people pushed up against the wall.  

But right now?  Well this bagel is mighty tasty thank you.  The oxycodone surges through me like electricity and animates my corpse to wave and smile and do the corporate mucky muck dance.  I see an executive walk in shirking his duty as brazenly as I shirk mine.  Rather than slink away, I walk up and engage him.  We talk of basketball and his vacation to Jamaica.  Its like a free pass to waste another 30 minutes because he is a boss.

Almost half my day has been wasted.  Tomorrow I can leave early to pick up my prescription.  After that, the weekend is only a few short days away.  Life is good.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/35qkwu/curse_of_the_office_opiate_hangover/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-13 14:28:10, # COMMENTS: 23, SCORE: 75
TITLE: The Toad God, POST BODY: "3 Adam 50 calling.  We have a 913 at Turk and Hyde.  Copy?", said the cop.  He angled his spotlight so we were all squirming uncomfortably beneath the ungodly bright light.  From his obvious disgust, we could tell he was a rookie.
 
The light floods the alley where we have come to worship the Hand Tree.  Around the tree are candles and ceramic bowls of rainwater and gin.  Dev was naked and blood dripped from her left hand.  She glared at the cops with a feral snarl.  Kym wore an American flag bandana on her head and huge mirrored sunglasses.  Her henna red hair spilled over a sleeveless, black Jack Daniels t-shirt and she was squeezed into impossibly tight leather pants.  I wore a top hat, rasta hair wig and black John Lennon sunglasses.  Jason wore a rubber t-rex dinosaur mask and a brown robe.  He was handcuffed because he tried to run.  The cop car blocking the alley stopped that.

The cop who cuffed Jason was the younger cop.  Muscular and naive to our cityfolk ways.  The nude blood tree worship and costumed congregation was not what he signed up for.  The older cop wore a patient smile beneath his handle bar mustache.  His hand casually on his hip was nonthreatening and almost congenial.  But from there he could easily pull his baton, pepper spray or gun.  We didn't phase him at all.  He was a Tenderloin cop.  

I could tell by their mannerisms we were lucky.  They weren't going to do anything.  Not even search us.  While we may look odd dressed as we were and gathered in an alley worshiping a tree...it probably wasn't the weirdest thing they'll see tonight.  For tonight is Halloween in San Francisco.  

"Alright kiddies!", grins the older cop, "Remember to play nice and no more fires in alleys OK?"

We nodded.  

"And honey...you have to put on clothes.  This ain't Santa Cruz", chided the cop to Dev who growled.  He looked us all over.  

"Alright you 2 are easy" smiled the cop pointing at me and Kym, "Axl Rose and Slash.  Nice costumes."

"Thanks officer!", beamed Kym who dressed me like this.  

He walked over to Dev who was putting her layers of gypsy skirts and wool sweaters back on.

"You are...what Eve?", he asked.

"I am a child of Light", said Dev seriously.  The cop didn't press and moved on.  

"And you?", he nudged Jason with his boot as his partner uncuffed him.

Jason got up and grinned.

"Dinosaur Jesus.  Savior of the sauropods", said Jason rubbing his wrists.

"Put some more effort into it", suggested cop.  "Like add a beard or something.  Well, Trick or Treat!"

Dev looked at us as they drove off.  "Light has prevailed."

"Fuck yeah!  The curse is broken!", roared Jason, "Lets go get fucked up!"

But it all began like this.

"The Darkness comes!", screamed the voice.  I shut the window.

My roommates were gone so I could write my biology of hydrothermal vents paper in peace.  I didn't need crazy Dev.

"The Darkness comes!", said the voice slightly muffled but just like a gasoline powered leaf blower, Dev's voice has the power to carry through walls.

I slammed my book shut.  I grabbed a Pepsi can full of chewing tobacco spit and open the window...there is she is.  Just standing there...I have the juice.  But fuck me.  I was raised by nice people.  I put the can down.

"Why are you screaming?", I ask Dev.  

"Because Drowned Boys gather!", yells Dev dramatically.  "The Darkness comes!  Your household has a coffin!  One of you shall...."

I slam the window shut and go back inside.  Where is Melo?  He usually ropes in his girlfriend when she starts screaming at houses.  Oh well, maybe someone will call the cops.  

Then she knocks on the door.  Fuck.  

I let her in.  I don't know why.  Kym is at work, Jason is gone.  And I sit behind my term paper as Dev makes herself comfortable.

"Is that popcorn?", asks crazy Dev.

I nod and go back to my books.  

"May I have some?"

"Sure."  I get her a bowl and pour some popcorn into it.

"Thanks."

"No problem.  Dev?  Do you want something...?", I ask hoping my stack of books sends a message.

"Yes", nods Dev.  "I want to protect you.  And Jason.  You two have always been nice to me."

"Jason?  Nice?"

"He let me stay here when I was sick.  You and Kym were camping.  He carried me here from the Steinhart."

"The Jason that lives here?"

Dev nods.  

"Huh."

"Did you see my tags?", she asks.

2 weeks ago Dev showed me her tag.  A sorta scribbly, cursive girly script DevL.  Short for Devika and Light.  Or so she says.  Now I see it everywhere.  DevL on the campus soda machine.  The window on BART -DevL.  Scratched into the handle of the men's urinal at Union Square - DevL.  Tagged on walls, carved into doors, scratched into Muni bus windows...DevL.  

"Yes.  I saw them.  So what?"

"We go forth.  You and I.  Believe.  Purify", Dev weaved her hands in the air and stared at falling patterns only her eye could discern.  

After awhile Dev asked if she could lay on the couch so I let her.  Things like cushions are luxurious to people who sleep on grass and concrete stoops.  Like a feral cat napping inside, Dev relaxes and goes into a deep slumber because she is warm and feels safe.  

I'm almost done when Jason skips through the door waving a Ziplock bag full of cocaine.  

"You know what this is?", he says obviously coked out and crazy animated.

"A Schedule II drug?"

"And...?", Jason asks.

"And a felony possession charge?"

"Annndddd...?", Jason asks exasperated.

"And...tonights fun?"

"Yeah!  Happy Halloween bitch!  I got Cramps tickets at the Warfield..."

"Hello Jason.  I am glad you are here", says Dev.  

We both look over and she is sitting on the floor in front of a lit candle with her cards.  

"The brothers unite."

"Not even close Dev", smiles Jason, "his real brother Carl is a total dick."

"You ARE brothers.  Not blood.  You are the Seer, you walk with the Lover", says Dev looking at me.  "And you are the Thief.  You walk with the Wind."

Jason looks hurt.  "I could get a girlfriend if I wanted..."

"I am here because of the Dream.  One of you will die tonight.  I want to know who."

I sigh annoyed.  I am so close to finishing my paper....But Jason looks worried.  Drugs are a terrible thing.

"What the fuck you mean?", asks Jason seriously.  The coke smile is gone.

"I saw in my dreams Father Toad.  His people lived in the city before there was a city.  When it was marsh.  He is in Chinatown these days and he is my friend.  Tell me brothers, who dreams of toads?"

"Not me", I scoff.  "This is bullshit.  I need to finish my-"

"It was me", says Jason in a small voice.  

"High school.  I took acid with my girlfriend at a Dead show and had a strange trip.  All these tiny toads covered me...I couldn't talk or breathe but I felt OK.  Weird man.  Haven't thought of that for years..."

"Sorry Thief.  But it is you.  Drowned Boys hunt you...I saw your coffin."

"Dev you gotta go", I said looking at the clock.  

And like perfect movie timing the door burst open and Kym stood there.  Her face hardened instantly when she saw us on the floor gathered around a candle with Dev.

"What the fuck is SHE doing here?", asks Kym.

"Hi Khadja", smiles Dev.

"Hey Devika!", says Kym mimicking Dev's weird high pitched voice.

"Dev was leaving...", I offer up.

"The fuck she is!  I am going to die!  Didn't you hear that part?", asks Jason.

"Why?", asks Kym.  "What did she say?"

An hour later the sun had set and we were dressed like fools.  I was Slash, Kym was Axl Rose and Jason was the Jesus lizard thing.  We smoked heroin drawn in sanskrit patterns of protection off foil and plan out our night.  I can watch myself smoke in the reflection of Kym's mirrored sunglasses.

"God's flesh!", says Dev handing us mushrooms from her backpack.  

They are fresh mushrooms and we eat them with the waffles.  Well, now shit is about to get weird.  Jason is a broken man convinced he will die.  He gives us cocaine and heroin.  I have some Humboldt bud we smoke between cigarettes.  Then it starts to POUR rain.  The sound shakes the apartment.

"Fuck!", moans Jason covering his face, "See?  She is right!  Drowned Boys are coming for me!"

"Not yet...", says Dev lazily.  "What is your schedule Thief?"

"Why do you keep calling me that?", says Jason defeated and sad.  "Ok.  I was gonna sell the coke at the Cramps show.  After that Kym has the Mr. Maru party and that's it."

"Hmm...Mr. Maru.  Not sure what he is.  Human?  Maybe.  But what side is he on?  I don't know", smiles Dev.  "But I know this.  We can ask Father Toad to stop them.  You are loved Thief.  His children protect you..."

"Lets do it then", says Kym cracking her knuckles.  "Where can we find the Toad God?"

Kym is wasted and crazy looking as Axl Rose.  I watch myself take a bong hit in the reflection of her mirrored sunglasses.  

"The Hand Tree.  Portal to the Gods.  Jason, we will need rainwater and your blood."

"Fuck."

I stare at these people.  We have 11 eight balls of coke.  Tar and Dragon powder H.  We ate mushrooms and smoked weed.  It's Halloween, we have free Cramps tickets and Kym is a hostess at Mr. Maru's Queen Deviant Halloween party with nitrous oxide, nudity and psychic surgery?  Am I the only one that thinks Dev is a downer?

But looking back.  Not much happened.  Dev got naked, cut Jason's palm, cut her fingers and dropped blood into rainwater bowls.  We offered gin, candles, weed and cigarettes to the Toad God.  Watching Dev hop around screaming naked and cursing in strange voices was...well you would have to know her.  I don't believe in Drowned Boys or Toad Gods but it's damn unsettling how loud and different all the voices she makes are.  

And the cops let us go.  Jason lives.  Again.

Kym got us kicked out of the Warfield for fighting goth Snow White.  They were just kinda jawing at each other when Axl suddenly cold cocked goth Snow White and got jumped by her friend Marge Simpson.  Jason dropped Batman with a glass ashtray and I was choking a Caveman when the bouncers swarmed the floor.  The bouncers know Jason which is nice as these beasts are known for wrapping their knuckles with leather belts to break up fights.

Outside I marveled at the human condition.  Kym had a black eye, Jason's robe was covered with blood from the Toad God ceremony and I watched 10,000 blue jeweled fairy creatures fly out of the neon symbols that burned above the Warfield.  
"Whoa I am nodding...", mused Jason staring at his bloodied hand.  "More coke."

The cabbie didn't even blink when we did bumps in the backseat.  In fact he asked for a picture of us and handed out Twix bars.  At Mr. Maru's we could see a torch lit boat above his garden wall that served as a stage for a band.  The bass player was ripping out a Metallica guitar solo on his bass as the crowd THUMPED along.  Hands, liquid spray, cups and water bottles exploded into the night air.

"Oh hell fucking yeah!", said Kym putting her sunglasses over her black eye.  

We walked to the entrance where Mr. Maru's transvestite bodyguard Mr. Tomorrow worked the gate.  He is dressed as Princess Jasmine from Aladdin.  Mr. Tomorrow is a huge muscular man.  Dressed like a princess made him seem even more threatening somehow.

"You are expected", says Mr. Tomorrow.

"Yeah?  Mr. Maru's waiting for us?", asks Kym.

"No.  Ms. Liora is inside.  She explained the situation because all matters of security go through me", said Mr. Tomorrow solemnly.

"Liora?  You mean Dev?", asked Jason.  "What'd she say?"

Mr. Tomorrow looked down at the ground.  A circle about a meter in diameter was drawn with three trailing streaks on the bottom.  It appeared to have been drawn with blood.

"Jesus", said Kym shaking her head.  "That girl is batshit fucking crazy...please tell me Reginald, all that blood is not from Dev.  Is it?"

"No", shrugged Mr. Tomorrow holding up his arm which was sliced.  "A lot of people helped.  It was like an art project.  Jason is appreciated here."

"Fuckin' A", muses Jason., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/35v2s0/the_toad_god/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-15 14:42:49, # COMMENTS: 9, SCORE: 71
TITLE: I Can't Stay Mad At You, POST BODY: I sat across from both of them at Lyons Diner at 2:45am.  Jason's ear bled drip drip onto his black leather jacket but he wore his usual wide, grinning Fuck You smile.  Kym's face was swollen on the left side and for sure by tomorrow she would have a black eye.  But she stirred her coffee indifferently with her perfect nails.

"I just got off the phone if Jordan and tried to apologize but he's a little pissed.  Oh and he threatened to call the cops but considering all the drugs they buy from Jason I kinda doubt it.", I said while taking a bite of my waffle stack.  No syrup thank you.  Just waffle, egg yolk and bacon as the witching hour descends upon us.

"Sorry Kym but I don't think you'll get you jacket back anytime soon", I add sopping up egg yolk.  Damn these waffles are crispy and perfect.  "Jordan is a little angry over the building damage."

Jason looks at Kym.  His smile is false.  His eyes are peeved.  Kym takes a sip of coffee as a Fuck You to Jason's overt signals.  I watch this and sigh.  One more Fuck You and Jason will be walking home for Kym drove.  

"Look guys...Guys!  Come on!  Let us bury the hatchet.  I think everyone shares a little blame.  Right?  Guys..?"

I really don't care because I'll fuck Kym at home for she is a sex crazed freaky freak girl and Jason will always be my friend.  I have given him too many passes in life for him to ever doubt my motivations.  Doors always open buddy.  And if you have the loyalty of a guy like Jason you have a guy that will go to jail for you which he has done.  We are all good.

But fuck, The Incident...

"Lets start again from the beginning", I say sipping my Coke.  "Who punched the owner?"

"I think I did", said Kym.  "He was condescending."

"Yeah dude.  Jordan's an ass.  And he sounds like a World War 2 movie bad guy-"

"Yup.  German fuck", said Kym taking one of my smokes.

"Nazi", added Jason taking a bite from his grilled cheese sandwich.

"Ok", I offer, "but you guys attacked the owner of an art gallery.  I was outside with Ari so I missed a lot.  Indulge me.  Inside the band was playing.  You-", I pointed at Jason, "were talking to one of the artists...Christen, Christian?"

"Christy.  His name is Christy", says Jason dipping his fries into Ranch dressing.  "Great painter.  His Hades series was intense.  An amazing reflection of-"

"He is a perverted old fuck", deadpanned Kym exhaling smoke slowly over Jason's fries.

Jason shrugged.

"Yeah.  I know what he did Kym but-"

"What did he do?", I asked.

"Well...", said Jason but Kym leaned forward and snarled at him.

"We know he buys a shit ton of coke from you but-!", rages Kym slamming down her coffee mug splashing hot coffee over us all.  No one flinches or blinks.

"Kym keep it down", I urge.  Lyons at 3am is pretty loud but as usual our table was the loudest.  

"He pays our rent Kym!  And the H you smoked with me for free...?  Yeah!  Christy!  The fat fuck!"

"Hey!", I bark.

"Everything ok?", says the nice waitress who brings us food and deals with drugged and drunken savages for a living at a 24 hour diner.

We all smile.  Angels.  Nonthreatening minus the blood, bruises and burnt napkins on the table.

"Yes Ma'am", smiles Jason.  "Well actually I have a hankering for something sweet.  Whoa....must be your smile!"

The waitress almost smiles back.  Almost.  But she tosses down a dessert menu and winks at Jason before she leaves.

"Ok so who burned Christy with a cigarette?", I ask staring at Kym.

"Me", she replies quietly.

"What happened?", I ask.  This is what I know:

I am outside smoking with Ari and his girlfriend Thalia.  We here some screaming, then there is WHUMP! and a blinding light flashes through the entrance.  Then Jason staggers outside, grabs a trash can lid and stands by the door.  Christy staggers outside with the owner and Kym is SCREAMING while waving her beer bottle as a weapon.  I walk over and Jason sees me.

"Run!", he says.  I am at the age when your friend yells Run!, you run!  And we ran.  All of us.  2 blocks later we flag a cab and get a ride to the BART station.  I notice Kym and Jason do not talk.  Silence follows us.  I am pretty high so I stumble along figuring they will work it out.  But the Silence comes all the way to Lyons Diner.  To this very table.

"Kym said some rude things about his art which was pretty uncomfortable considering it was his show and we were his guests....", says Jason.  "Not to mention you were drinking his wine and eating his bacon wrapped water chestnuts."

"Ok.  But Jason, lets be honest here", says Kim reaching over and taking one of his fries.  "First off, you sell Christy coke right?"

"Yes."

"So he is more than a friend."

"Sure.  And while his paintings are not the best they are not the worst either right?  I mean you saw some of the other shit in the gallery right?"

"Yes.  I give Christy that.  He can do death and suffering Ok.  Not great or even good but Ok."

"Sure", nods Jason pushing his plate closer to Kym so she could reach the ketchup.  "And then you what Kym?  I was looking the over way when I heard glass breaking but...but I did think of you!  So what was that part?"

"Oh you missed that part", said Kym eating more fries.  "Hmm let me think.  What happened...oh yeah!  Christy offered me cocaine for oral sex!"

"Say what?", said Jason surprised.  

And I swelled with primal hatred.  Christy's face popped into my mind.  It transformed from older artist European guy to lecherous fat fuck scum soul.  I stored it in my reptile brain.  The tiny hunk buried within the civilized trappings purely relegated to kill, fuck or eat.      

"Yeah he asked me if I was a student and I said Nope.  He asked what I did and I said Oh I live here.  And he told me I was beautiful and if I needed anything, ANYTHING he was happy to help", said Kym looking at us.  "Then he held my hand in his sweaty old man hand and showed me the coke he bought.  He asked if it did anything to me because he wanted to do lines off my...what did he say...?  Oh yes!  Do lines off my perfect little freshly baked loaves of bread ass..."

"What does that even mean?", interrupts Jason.

"And thats when I put my smoke out on his hand to make him let go", continued Kym.

"What?!", I asked as my brain flew past the decent guy making peace straight to the angry guy that wanted to hit something. 

"So did you decide on dessert or do you need more time...?", asks the waitress.

"Uhm apple pie, heated.  Vanilla ice cream and do you have any cinnamon?", says Jason.

"Sure honey", replies the waitress.

"I'll have mud pie, no whip cream but I'd like more coffee please", says Kym.

"You got it sweety and girl you need some ice for that eye?", said the waitress.

"No thanks", smiles Kym.

"You?"

"I'll have a slice of peach pie cold and more coffee too please."

She swishes away with our order.

"Ok", I say.  "So you burned the featured artist with your cigarette and...?"

"Well after he screamed Jordan the owner came over...", said Jason.  "I tried to reason with him but then Christy punched Kym."

"WHAT?", I yelled.  The whole diner fell silent.  All eyes were on me.  It was awkward considering Jason was bleeding and Kym's face was swollen.  I lowered my voice to a growl.  "He punched you?"

Kym nodded but her chin was up, defiant.  

"So I grabbed him", said Jason, "but Jordan kicked me in the balls the little prick.  And Christy was all coke sweaty and slipped away.  I think he grabbed my earring and yanked it the fucker!  But I went down.  I didn't see the exploding part."

The waitress brought our dessert.  We sat there silently as sweet treats were placed in front us.

"Its not like I really started a fire", said Kym.  "That is an exaggeration.  It was stage lights.  You know the big lights on poles to highlight the art?  I grabbed one and tried to hit Christy but missed.  Lots of glass but no fire."

"That's what the explosion was!", laughed Jason, "That scared the shit out of me and the whole damn gallery.  Then Jordan's like 'I call police!'  That little fucker was freaking out!"

"Yeah!  And then you yelled run!", giggled Kym into her coffee and then she looked at Jason.  "Sorry about Christy.  I know he was a big customer of yours."

"Ahh its alright Kym", smiles Jason for real as he leans back and lights a smoke, "Just means I'll keep the $300 he fronted me for next week's H delivery."

And they were back.  Just like that.    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/363er7/i_cant_stay_mad_at_you/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-15 22:06:21, # COMMENTS: 12, SCORE: 54
TITLE: Oxy Love, POST BODY: Note: This is waaay before anyone ever paid $1 per mg.



They keep pounding on the fucking door.

"Time to go!", yells Jason.

"Are you feeling ok?", asks Kym.

"Time to go!", yells Jason.

"Are you feeling ok?", asks Kym.

"SHUT FUCK YOU UP QUIET YRGGH!"

Then it is silent.  I drift away...peace, warm fluffy comforter peace...then BOOM! the door explodes open and Jason is above me leering like a monkey.

"AND THE WORMS ATE INTO HIS BRAIN!", he screams in my face.

I try to punch him, miss and stand up wildly looking around.  Fucker!  He is scurrying away like a cowardly rat!  I leap onto Jason's back before I realize he is naked.  

"Why?!  Why?!", I yell repulsed by his thin, gangly pale nudity.  He looks like a freaky cave creature.  

"You said wake you up at 7:00am dude."

"Oh yeah.  Sorry." 

I had classes this morning and work later.

"You're up early", I observe.  With no job or school Jason is mostly nocturnal.

"Haven't gone to bed yet."

"Ah."

I look at the clock.  It's 7:44am.  I look back at Jason.

"Hey I tried to get you up earlier but you kicked me.  Then you challenged me to fight."

"Really?"

"Yeah.  Kym said if I was naked then you would wake up happy."

I could hear giggling in the hall and knew I was being fucked with but I had to go.  I was going to be late for class so I got dressed, gathered my books and looked for my breakfast of cigarettes and oxycodone pills.  

The pills melt into my well being.  A warm happiness is upon me as I learn of the cosmos and Drake's equation.  When we split into groups the power of the oxy opiate is so awesome I volunteer to be our spokesperson.  I argue vehemently for Drake and hammer my anti-Drake opponents down.  

The professor is not impressed by our logic but I cowered a bunch a Chinese foreign exchange students into submission with pure will power.  Impressed, they invite me into their study group next week which I accept because these boys are smart.  We are all starting to realize to pass classes at this level we need to work off each other's strengths.  And all because of Ari's miracle pills.  

Shit I need to call him for more.  Unlike heroin I can actually do stuff on oxy.

After class I formulate a plan.  I hate my dish washing job.  It is awful and the worst 3 hours you will ever spend.  You stand between 2 spinning contraptions and scrape food, spray dishes and load machines.  You do it because University work means you do not have to make payments on student loans.  Oh and free food.

I skulk inside, see Robin the crew supervisor and he stops me.  

"Can you get me more of those pills?", he asks as I man my hideous tray scraping station.

"Yeah.  Can you get me off this shift and clock me out later?", I ask because I need the hours from my student ID swipe to offset the government collections on the loan.

"Ok.  I'll swipe you out.  Give me your card", says Robin looking around.  

"How about tonight?  I have a dinner shift", I ask.

Robin nods annoyed because he has to deal with 1 man down and scramble.  He hates me but nods Ok.    

I smile as I walk out and load up a tray with a cheeseburger, fries, fruit salad and Boston cream pie.  The stares from the crew means they know I have something over Robin but they don't know what.  But I do.  Robin likes the oxycodone which is amazing because he won't smoke weed or drink.  To Robin all drugs are bad.  

But the little stress pill I gave him a month ago?  Oh yeah.  Robin likes that pill.  He'll cough up $40 for 10 pills.  

I steal some Chocolate PopTarts and a pitas for Kym.  Then I walk out to a beautiful day and light up a smoke.  It is my upside down lucky smoke in the Marlboro Lights box.  Packed tight and twirled to keep the ECP inside I light it on campus while enjoying the sun.  The motherfuckers at the Muni bus stop would smell the burning vinegar and crank their heads Yo!  But on campus?  No one recognizes this stench.  If it doesn't smell like weed its just another cancerous corporate death stick.  I smile at a clear blue sky as I smoke heroin.

I pay a visit to Ari in the library.  He is starting to recognize the power of oxycodone as the knock knocks and phone calls keep coming.    

"I got 100 of the 10mgs", says Ari.

"How about $100?"

"No way.  These things are going fast and are getting harder to get.  $250", says Ari stacking up medical textbooks.  He's studying orthopedic surgery.

"$200?"

Ari nods.

Before Ari gave us a fistful of pills for free from all these samples the med students were scamming.  But the little pill is gaining in popularity.  I sound like a rattlesnake shaking it's tail as I jump out the Muni bus in front of Kym's job.  As I open the door I see DevL scratched into the doorknob.  Thats the third one I have seen today.  

The place is deserted but the smell of coffee and ice cream is mixed with the fragrance of marijuana and perfume.  I slap the bell on the counter making Kym shoot out of the back where she was probably reading magazines or doing her nails.  She comes out holding one hand in the air.  Nails.  When she sees me her professional customer annoyance face evaporates into a real smile.

"Babe!", she cries leaping into my arms all while holding her nails behind me...I am high but this enhances my buzz a thousandfold.  That this creature called Kym not only smiles at me but loves me blows my mind 10,000 time a day.  My life is GOOD.  She feels so warm in my arms and the scent behind her ears where her dyed purple hair meets natural color is intoxicating...I inhale it like a drug.

We kiss, she leans back and studies me shrewdly.  

"Lactose intolerant boy can't eat ice cream so I find myself wondering WHY are you here..?"

"For your smile", I play staring into those oh so blue eyes.  "And I got your weekend pass so I can enjoy your pleasures even more at Big Sur."

Her boss is like my boss.  Foreign.  Anti-drinking, anti-fun.  But a so called "stress" pill made of 10 mg of instant release oxycodone?  You give them a handful and a week later they are back.

"Reza JUST called the little pill fiend!", smiles Kym who walks around me and puts the Closed sign up as she locks the door.  Then she grabs my hand and drags me to the back.

"I'm smoking babe.  Lets get high and I'll do your nails.  I'm due for a break...Oh give me the pills.  I'll call my boss.  Fuck these oxys are better than money."

The afternoon found me trying to get Jason to understand how important it is to lock the doors AND the windows whenever he goes out.  I have never left Jason alone at home before.  Its a big step for him considering more than handful of times I have come home and he is asleep on the couch with the front door open.  

He patiently listens to my tales about burglars, rats, raccoons, home invasion robberies and drug dealer vendettas before yawning and interrupting me by waving his hand.

"Yes?"

"Let's shoot up."

Lately we have been going through the heroin in a blur.  ECP and tar.  Jason keeps saying its a waste to smoke or snort.  But needles?  Nah.

"Nah", I say.  I snort my portion as he shrugs.  

I go deliver the pills to Robin.  While I do this I'll get my card back, track down library books for my next paper and return to the cafeteria to eat my free dinner Pork Chop Patty Gravy Surprise.  The surprise is it actually tastes good.   

I eat some pills and assure Robin the price won't go up next week and Yeah I can get some more. 

Back home Jason stares at a TV that is not on.  When I walk in his eyes follow me and he smiles.

"You're back!"

"Yes.  You're still here.  You smell the same.  Awful.  You want some of this?", I offer showing him the oxy.

"No.  That stuff is too mild for my blood..."

Jason smiles at me like the dragon that ate Mary and her little lamb.  I get it.  And fuck, I feel it too.  My highs are forever chased higher.  But I need more.  The dragon smiling at me knows this.

"Ok what do we do?", I ask Jason.  

I watch Jason cook the shots.  This ritual is like some long forgotten ancient blood magic.  He looks like an alchemist of old with his face glowing in candlelight as he chases a micro sized cotton ball around a spoon.  With practiced movements he draws the sweet elixir of the gods into the chamber.  He caps it and hands me the loaded rig.  A powerful, frightening thing to behold.  A tiny crystal dragon with orange tipped snout.  Only medical professionals administer shots unto me...well, not anymore.  Now it's amateur hour.  I watch Jason prepare himself a shot.  His shot is noticeably bigger than mine.  When it comes to shoot, we argue. 

"Nah man don't shoot it in your foot.  What the fuck is the point of that?  This ain't TV.  Do it in your arm", says Jason.

"I don't want holes.  And fuck you.  Veins are veins!"

"Fuck!", I say later.  

"Yeah you fucked up.  Maybe you missed?", says Jason looking at my ankle vein where I decided I to inject.  

I don't feel anything but a little numbing sting where I shot up.  The alcohol wipe slides across clay and my skin feels dull.  Jason is staggering around high.  No help.  My foot hurts like a motherfucker.  I must have missed.  Fucking anatomy books!  I pretended to know so much when I should be listening to junkie fucks like Jason....wait.  Oh fuuuck.  

It comes.

I feel like I will puke.  And I do.  Water, Pepsi and Pork Chop Patty Gravy Surprise into the sink.  Wait.  I am here?  Standing?  Nope.  Jason is holding me up.  He says something clever and laughs.

I awake FUCKED up HIGH.  So high.  I can't move.  I am in my room.  I can see a sliver of a window.  A slice of blue.  Like my girl's eyes,  I muse.  And then my eyes grow heavy.  The water fills our apartment with love.  So warm and awesome and...blackness.

Done.  I crawl forward as Kym talks.  

"...high as hell.  What the fuck did Jason do to you...?"

Done.  I crawl forward as Kym talks.

"What?", I ask.

"Camping!  Are we still on?"

And I pass out.  

When I awake Kym and Dev are sitting there looking at me.  Kym is wearing a shower cap with holes in it.  Dev is pulling her hair through the holes and sliming Kym's hair with purple hair dye.  I am on my side with a bucket near my head.

"You were making some weird fucking noises!", says Kym.  "What the hell did you guys do?  Jason is so passed out I thought about shaving his eyebrows off."

"I don't know...it was just strong.  Had too much...", I mumbled.  I felt sick in my gut and dizzy.  "Excuse me."

I barely made the bathroom where I puked yellow water into the toilet.  I could hear them talking about me in quiet voices so I washed my face, brushed my teeth and walked back in as casual as my shaky legs would allow.

"So you smoked too much babe?", asked Kym.

"Yeah and snorted.  We did too much.  I forgot how nauseous this stuff makes you."

"Smoked?", asked Kym again.  

I sigh.  "Yeah!"  

Then I casually take off my flannel as if I was changing so they could see my immaculate arms.  As I put on a new shirt Dev caught my eye.  She smiled and looked down just for a second.  I looked down and saw my bleeding ankle.

"Well are we still going or what?  I got the days off.  I don't want to waste them sitting around with Jason in this shithole", said Kym.

"Yeah totally.  We'll leave tomorrow morning.  I told Carl and we can swing by and grab the tent and stove tomorrow."

I take 2 pills and crunch them up.  Fuck.  I stick a dab of Neosporin on my ankle injection site.  I massage it and wonder what door have I opened?  

, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/364qej/oxy_love/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-18 12:30:30, # COMMENTS: 32, SCORE: 116
TITLE: An Office Habit, POST BODY: New city, new face, new life.  I still stomp through the crowd as bold and confident as ever.  But my insides continue to rot.  I can hear ancient voices whispering, "A shadow follows you..."

Maybe I was born in the wrong age.  Maybe I was doomed.  At 25 years of age, I went with doomed.  Much easier to comprehend.

I found my attention at work wandering as the second year passed.  My novel ability to understand the whims of technology was fading fast.  I sensed two paths ahead.  Kiss ass to a management role where I could shift the blame for my growing faults or...or I could just sit here.  

So I sat there and the days passed.  Today I was missing a meeting and no one said anything or cared.  I am congenial to my coworkers.  Friendly.  I have even had sex with some of them.  Not one person in this building could say I was their enemy.  The world kept on turning and I was amused that this is what it feels like to be a responsible adult.  

It was a sham.  A lie.  

But truth?  What is truth?  The only truth I have that creature who stares back at me from the mirrors is a fucking junkie.  Sure he ditches the habit and shuffles his routines but all roads inevitably lead back to the poppy field.  I have sat in the poppy field since high school.  It comes in all forms some more seemingly innocuous than others.  But when you find yourself licking blood off your arm you are pretty much lost in the poppy field.  It stretches so far out by this point you wonder if you can ever get back?  I have.  I left and felt superior and lorded my sobriety over others.  What a fool.  The creature in the mirror knows.    

And the needle nod is strong.  It follows me to work.  I feel sleepy and drugged.  My muscles strain and ache against an invisible weariness that gnaws at my soul.  I need something with longer legs to make it through 8 hours in the office.  Something with more morphine.  So I close my door, position myself in front of my computer with one hand on the mouse and another near the keyboard.  My phone timer is set to ring in 30 minutes.  I pass out instantly.  

In my drawer are extra ties, deodorant, cologne, a shaving kit, comb, hair gel, mouth rinse and a toothbrush.  I work in the valley which is an awful place to be.  Suburbia with office buildings and mini mall sprawl as far as the eye can see.  So I spend a lot of time in the city.  When I wake up somewhere new or pass out somewhere other than home I take the Shame Train.  It gets me to work on time dressed exactly like I was the day before.  So I wash my face, shave, apply deodorant, cologne and put on a different tie.  

9 times out of 10 no one smirks.  People are too busy freaking out and wallowing in self pity and shame for my office is a cruel and terrible place.

A new age is upon my company.  An age that replaces large, clunky processors with tiny, efficient ones.  Our death will be a long, slow messy process.  Everyone above my station will stab and grab as much as possible on the way down.  This is my first job after college.  I have nothing to compare it to.  I adopt this misery as company culture.  

The bleakness of 8 hours and the amount of anger swallowed is staggering.  I watch grown men get cut down in front of their peers.  I have been on the block more than a few times myself.  At first I was enraged.  I pictured myself leaping onto my boss's desk and wildly slapping the shit out of him.  I think of pissing in his coffee or knifing his Dunhill briefcase.  At the end of a long day I often dream of pushing him off the platform into an oncoming train...But now I am like them.  I just take it.  

We all understand leverage.  I hate him for wielding it like a knife.  People have families to provide for and bills to pay.  This tiny balding monkey man squats above us and shits.  We must not only endure the humiliation but we must be enthusiastic and grateful about it.  I love my job.  I work hard for the company.  Repeat this mantra and 8 hours shall pass my Child.

Most of my coworkers drink the tiny man away.  I tried but getting drunk is simply not as pleasurable as the poppy.  So I got some pills for an old documented injury.  A spinal injury is a golden ticket to opiates but seeking heaven through prescriptions is a slow path.  And the street connects I know are flaky at best.  So around 1 year into my job I got tired of pill hunting.  Heroin is a lot easier to score.    
My phone chimes and I awake.  Groggy and slow.  Rain clouds in my skull tumble and swirl.  After an opiate induced nap everything around me is a tad surreal.  I stare at the work server I built when I had the energy to give a shit.  

I do a little work.  I send out emails to solidify the fact I exist.  But the crash is harsh.  I am starting to feel tweaked out, sick and cranky.  The clock says 11:20am.  Close enough.  In my backpack is my portable kit.  I grab it and walk out to lunch.  Halfway down cubicle rows I am stopped by Steve who looks grim.

"You missed the 9:45", he states.

"Yeah I had to finish some docs for the push.  Couldn't let them wait because of the content."

Steve stares at me.  He has no idea what I just said and honestly, neither do I.

"Ok.  But you have to make the team building exercise tomorrow at 10am.  Rock climbing", sighs Steve who has worked here for more than 20 years.  

"Sure Steve", I smile.  Poor bastard.  "No problem."

There is nowhere to eat around the office so most of us take the bus to the mall.  It's nice to get away from the pain.  My routine of late has included a little heroin to offset this pain.  Just a little.  But this will be the third time I have done it this week...  

Today is Wednesday.

The food court is on the top floor but I go to Macy's on the first floor.  Why?  The food court bathrooms are disgusting.  Crowded fast food fart smelling shit holes.  But the Macy's bathroom is pristine and quiet.  No one looks twice at the young man in his nice suit walking briskly with purpose.  My, he looks serious.  

And in that young man's head he can still see the smile of the priestess from days long since passed.  And he can still hear her whisper the words, "The Darkness comes..."

I grab a Macy's catalog on the way in.  No one is in the bathroom, so no waiting.  I find a stall, open my kit and methodically prepare my shot on the catalog pages that depict fake, beautiful people.  A light scent from a perfume ad is like the caress of a woman that once cared about me.  I do a quick cook and once the flame is lit, there is no turning back.  

I pretend I am in control.  I can't nod out here so I do tiny shots.  But I am shooting again.  My holes are back.  Punctures in my flesh.  I sigh, wipe it with an alcohol swab and put a dab of Neosporin over the hole.  Fuck.  Remember your promise?  Never again...never again...never again.  

But here I am.  I stare at my arm.  My rolled sleeve, the small dog collar binding me to this lifestyle... and the poppy blooming inside me.  Tainted demonic blood.  And it hits me...black tar is a bitch to brew but I am learning.  The rush comes.  It will wipe away my pain.  

But for one second between sickness and bliss I have clarity...I know who I am.  

A tear slides down my cheek.  A drop of blood runs down my arm.  I stand above the abyss again.  My view of the bottom is growing clearer and clearer.  I take toilet paper and wipe away the blood and push another dollop of Neosporin to plug the hole.  I unroll my sleeve, button it and smooth out the crinkles.    

I walk out and feel better.  Less sick and less concerned.  That old dangerous feeling.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/36e1zk/an_office_habit/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-20 14:05:48, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 82
TITLE: Ants, Grasshoppers, Trains, POST BODY: There was a drought in the city.  The heroin had vanished.  

Jason blamed the CIA.  Even black tar was scarce.  But trade went on.  Ecstasy was always popular and who didn't like cocaine?  Crank was rearing it's nasty little head in the scene as well.  Cheap, dirty yellow crank.  But the flower trade withered.  Even pills were hard to come by.  Kym became fixated on the mythical Train connection.

"I'm telling ya!  The Train kids from Portland have their own markets!  Dev told me..."

I thought about mysterious Train kids riding the rails.  The wanderlust, adventure, intrigue...and then I went back to eating my carnitas taco and watching COPS in Boston.

Tuesday morning.  11am.  

"Fuck babe, I feel like shit!"

Kym is laying on the couch, cocooned in our thick cotton comforter that feels like a cloud.  Only her head sticks out.  This lovely head is watching reruns of Cheers with the sound off.  Kym does this a lot.  Just stares at the TV minus audio for hours.  Weird.

We went through all the dope stashes last night trying to hammer down the intensity of uppers coupled with severe opiate withdrawal.  The ones hidden in my boot liner, the bags slipped inside CD cases, the oxy pills Kym stashed in her makeup drawer and even the tiny chunk of Mexican tar inside the battery compartment of my HP 48 calculator.  Gone daddy gone.  Nothing left but weed.  

Sadly marijuana just doesn't soothe the demonic euphoria found in heroin.  It's ok...Spacey and makes you eat but if I'm going to hell, I want the good shit and so does my girl.

"Go to the park.  Melo and Dev hang out with Train kids", said Kym as she scrunched herself under a comforter.  It is a chilly morning outside.  Light foggy rain and winds from the bay.  Kym has the right idea snuggling up like a wintering bear.  

I know she is burned out.  Kym had been trying to drink and dance the drought away with ecstasy and coke.  But like a rubber band pulled taunt, her euphoric well being has snapped back viciously.  As an individual that is used to operating outside the rules of society, Kym has apparently decided to skip work and lay around all day.  But my other roommate is gone.  

Ah, Jason.

Jason steals.  Jason lies.  Jason uses hardcore drugs.  But Jason is always moving.  His maxim is, "The difference between me and a junkie is I don't wish for shit.  I make that shit happen."

As usual, Jason vanished before we woke up or maybe he never came home.  With no heroin around he has been pushing cocaine and hydroponic weed.  Jason is the hardest working bum I know.  

"Alright.  I'll go see.  But you have to go to work you lazy ass", I said while while making notes on Euclid's axioms.  The postulates were basic math but the way the professor tweaked them...ugh.

There was intense silence.  Like a thick, palatable heaviness in the air.  So I peeked up from my stack of books.  Kym's wide eyed stare was pure psychopathic rage.  So I smiled and said, "I mean with your sexy ass."

"W-h-a-t the f-u-c-k you say to me...", she started with her crazy head swiveling action which when seen in bars meant someone was about to get punched or cracked with a beer bottle.

"That's seriously the most you've moved all morning", I grinned.  "I will totally go to the park and find Melo AFTER I write this fucking paper!  And you gotta go to work at 1pm.  Kym it's unhealthy laying here waiting to get high."

"You calling me lazy?", said Kym rising from her comforter cocoon.  She was completely naked.  

Somewhere in the Universe 2 stars collided.  A tremendous amount of energy burst forth and ignited the cosmos...the rapture spread to Earth where we ended up on the couch at first.  Next was the shower.  From the shower we tumbled into Jason's bed.  Then our futon and finally back to the couch for the Universe is a cyclic, everlasting being.  

With amazing clarity and new found wisdom, I finished my paper.  Kym went off to work calm, poised and smiling.  And when Jason came home he looked at his bed in disgust.    

"That's just wrong.  You guys are worse than the dogs in the park", he exclaimed while sniffing his bed.

I shrugged.  Then I went to the park.

I couldn't find Melo so I decided I better catch up in school.  I grab some books at the library and attend a study session.  The hours drip by slowly for withdrawal is a bitch.  I'm so fidgety and sleepy.  When I leave campus the sun is going down and the cold winds are rising.  I wish I brought a better jacket as I make my way back to the park.

Melo operates like a scout for the street kid drug trade.  Always lurking on the fringes, chatting up potential business.  He materialized as I approached the fountains.

"$20 a point?!", I exclaimed following him up into a wooded thicket.  Jason's usual price was anywhere from $8 - $12.

That is ridiculous but it also meant the street kids in the park know the Mexican and biker trade is dried up.

"Yeah man and a taxed $20.  Sorry but what other options you got?", said Melo.  "Just so we're cool- I mean it is already taxed but I would like a taste rather than bullshit you with a $25 a point story."

I nod.  I get it.  As middlemen go Melo is decent and lays out exactly what will happen and what he expects.  I follow him to some dreadlocked fucker named Gatz's camp.  

The camp is deep in the park amongst the trees.  Away from prying eyes, street cops or path dwellers.  They have a fire in barbecue pit.  Gatz and his crew are rail riders.  3 guys plus 2 girls equal 5 dirty ass hobo gutterpunks.  Haunted eyes, crude facial tattoos and greasy baggy jeans with chains, rebar spikes and knives openly displayed.  2 pitbulls circle us and I can smell shit.  Maybe human shit.  Gatz has less teeth than I have fingers and demands I bring them 40oz beers before we talk heroin.  I refuse.  

It's funny because I get crap for my braided mohawk, spiked leather jacket and for just plain looking weird by my neighbors.  But surrounded by nomad apocalypse gutter punk Fuck The World types- I stand out for my hygiene.  My kind fits in nowhere.  Gatz postures and threatens me.  Probably an act because I am obviously a soft, suburban punk.  But I don't care.  To admit fear at this point means I would get robbed, beaten or both.  So I stare back at him and sit down at their fire like I don't give a fuck.  The others wait for Gatz to do something.  I put my hand in my jacket pocket and unclick the safety on my pepper spray.  

But Melo slides in and does his thing.  Smiles appear.  Cash is exchanged and I get rabbit turd sized hunks of heaven from Portland.  Gatz makes it clear we should shoot up and I shake my head No and say, "I left my ginseng at home."

After the curious silence the girl with the runny eye asks me, "Why do you need ginseng?"

"Oh for my hep C.  I'm on a holistic cure.  Probably almost done but I want my dose before I inject."

Pure nonsense but Hepatitis C is not.  These smelly punks may use Fuck The World as their motto but no one fucks with hep C.  I give Gatz a tiny crumb and we leave.  We walk back to Melo's part of the park.  Closer to facilities.  Unlike the Train kids, the SF park kids stay close to civilization's benefits like electricity, toilets and running water.

Melo's tent is pressed up against some hedges near a softball field.  He has to break it down every morning because the field is used by clubs.  Anyone from youth leagues to the senior citizen softball tournaments.  Breaking down your tent daily is a chore but the spot is nice because they are hidden from police or ranger patrols yet close to the restrooms and downtown.  

In Melo's tent a kerosene lantern illuminates his sleeping girlfriend Dev.  The tiny flame is the only source of light and Melo pumps it causing it to hiss alive and glow brightly in the chilly gloom.  I look at Dev.  She looks bad.  A wispy and half drained thing.  Greasy unwashed hair drapes her blushed, sweaty face.  She lays beneath layers of sleeping bags and flannels.  One of her filthy bare feet pokes out from the blankets and Melo gently covers it.  She opens her rheumy eyes and blinks at the light.

"Wow Dev.  You ok?", I ask.

She coughs before she answers and I can hear snot rattling around in in her lungs.

"Got a cold", she states simply.  

She stares blankly at me but lights up when she notices Melo who is smoking a cigarette.

"Eww.  Smells like burning tanbark", she croaks.

"It's got hash in it", says Melo.

"Gimme", says Dev sitting up.  

She takes a hit and coughs hard.  She continues until she ends up gasping and choking.  Melo grabs the cigarette before she drops it and offers it to me.  I shake my head Nope.

"Look I gotta go", I say.

I open up my bag and pinch off a hunk for Melo.  Both their eyes track my movements.  It's a little sparse as rewards go but times are tough.

"Dev", I say opening the tent flap, "you look like shit.  Do you want to crash at our place?"

"Naw.  We like it here", smiles Dev at Melo who won't meet her eyes.  

Dev hacks up some mucus and settles back into her sleeping bag nest.  I see a half eaten dumpster scrounged bagel next to her.  I can tell it was dumpster dived from Saul's Bakery because they use a trash compacter.  Scrounged food from Saul's is always squished flat.

Melo follows me out the field to get Dev some apple juice.  We walk from the grassy park to the city lights and sidewalks.

"Melo, she looks terrible man.  You guys can crash at our place."

Melo's face hardens as it always does when anyone mentions so called normal living options to him.  And I get it.  Freedom.  But man, Dev sounded wrong.

"Thanks but I can always crash at my aunt's if we need to", shrugs Melo.

"Ok man", I say as I head down a different street.  "But if that cough gets worse take her to the Haight St. clinic."

Kym is back from work on the couch watching mute TV.  Family Ties.  She has showered off the coffee shop smell and wears fuzzy pink pajamas with a towel turban wrapped around her head.  She raises an eyebrow at me.  Well?

I pull out the bag.  I have already taxed it myself and that nugget lies hidden in my cigarette pack.

After 2 days of nothing and 1 day of crumbs...the session floors us.  So HIGH.  But man, this stuff smells weird.  I don't want to think about where Gatz might have hidden his stash.

"Fire cleanses all", shrugs Kym tilting the glass straw and sipping up the dragon's vaporous tail.

I look around.  We live modestly.  Our current TV is pretty big as Jason replaced the one he "borrowed" a month ago.  He even added a Sega Genesis to replace the missing Nintendo.  We watch 100 cable channels of shit.  We lounge on furniture that came with the place.

We also have a heater that Kym has her freshly painted toenails pointed at with cotton balls shoved between her toes.  Its below 50 degrees outside but a tropical 70 inside.   We have running water, we can bathe.  Anytime.  When the day ends, we lay down in our room and close the door.  Not zip down a tent flap.  

These things I take for granted...I should know how fragile this is.  Hot water and cable TV?  Entitlement?  In reality, not much separates me from Melo.  He could get a student loan and go to college and I could live in a tent.  I point this out to Kym after the kebab delivery guy leaves.  

"Uh yes there is!", argues Kym plating a lamb kebab for me with rice, salad and yogurt.  "The difference is you give a fuck!"

"Maybe", I say.  

"Dev told me Melo is trying to get a VW bus to live in.  That is the sum total of his life plan.  What are you doing again?"

I sensed some smarmy self righteous sassiness.  Classicist affirmations.  Kym wanted me to rattle of some degrees but I wasn't feeling it.  But I sure can feel Melo.  I know what that feels like.  So I shrug.

I watch Kym prep more foil trails.  She is hungry.  And not just for food.  Not sure when we can get more in this damn drought but let us now eat, get high and be merry for tomorrow we may find ourselves in a fucking tent, I muse.  

Outside the fog rolls into the city.  The damp, wet cold mixed with the drizzly rain.  At 5pm our living room light burns brighter than the muted sun.  I think of the tents in the park.  But then it is my turn and I take the glass straw.  The dragon enters me and blossoms radiantly.  

There is now only peace.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/36ntan/ants_grasshoppers_trains/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-22 01:12:12, # COMMENTS: 34, SCORE: 80
TITLE: Corporate Zen Heroin, POST BODY: "Your resolve is like the bamboo reed in the wind", remarks my manager Bradley Stone.  Brad loves using metaphors he reads in Zen books on business.

I look at him unsure.  His face is neutral.  Was that some sort of a fucking joke?  It was corny as hell.  But Brad looks serious so I nod.

"Do you know what to say?", he asks putting his hand on my forearm.  Ah, a moment of importance.  I get that one.

"Yeah I think so."  

Today it's hauling scrap.  To be honest I have no clue but I have sat in meetings with Brad and learned how to talk like Them.  Plus unlike my boss, I have actually done the math and read the info.

All corporations are built on promises.  These lies ooze forth from Sales.  Inside is David the Sales VP.  I take my seat and wait.  I hear some arguments and store them in my brain.  I would be nervous but I ate 4 hydrocodone pills with my bagel breakfast.  Plus the ER morphine pill will give me some oomph.  My boss makes his points and nods to me for affirmation.  

"Well David", I remark casually, "the hidden cost and market cost are different.  So one competitor goes to $2 a pound...That's just to fluctuate price.  He will drop as history shows because removal cost averages $1.50.  Right where we contract.  We just don't fluctuate cost for more jobs and then pull out.  Our interests are long term.  Historically, that's our angle."

I sit down.  You never know for sure but I think I just hit a home run.  I feel the light glowing on me.  I affect change and bosses love this.      

"Your heart is like a pebble tossed into a well", says Sera as she coughs her bong hit in my face.

I laugh and wave away the roiling cloud of weed.  

"Damn you get deep when talking into that microphone", I grin.  

I love stoned Sera.  But I get it.  Her remarks.  The lingering stares.  I made a mistake that we dance around.  She pushes to acknowledge it but I don't.  

Damn, I never should have slept with her.

We were in my spartan one bedroom apartment.  I had 2 computers, a TV and one Siamese fighting fish named Mycroft spread across two cheap folding tables.  My books are stacked on the floor.  I have one office chair and 2 lawn chairs.  I sit in a lawn chair.  Sera reclines on my "bed".  My bed is a squirrel's nest pile of comforters and pillows.  It's pure bachelor genius.  So ridiculously comfortable and the floor is perfect for my bad lower back.  

Not that I didn't try to buy a bed.  I went to a place called Mattress Palace.  The flyer offered free food.  I chose from their warehouse selection of "thousands" and it was only $175.  But then the salesman gave me a shit eating grin and said, "Now lets talk frames, boxsprings and headboards."  

I was like What the fuck...?  He offered me a hot dog.  I left.  

The adult world was new to me.  Purchasing beds, 401K, my stock options, tying a tie and choosing a health provider...I was befuddled.  This is why I loved riding a bike to work.  You get on a bike and pedal.  It requires no forethought, insurance, parking fees, smog checks or registration.    

Every time Sera comes over she either contributes to my apartment's needs or leaves something behind.  Like her sandals or the raincoat is in my closet.  But she contributed towels.  Big ones and little ones.  Before Sera, I had one towel.  

She also bought me a framed Van Gogh 'Wheatfield with Crows'.  Besides Mycroft the fish, this painting is the only splash of color in my sterile white walled existence.

I know what Sera is doing.  Her sandals greeting me after a long day are no different than a dog pissing on my door.  I get it.  I just don't want it.  And it's not Sera.  She thinks she is overweight but I disagree.  She is a tall, well built Amazonian beauty.  Her purple eyes mesmerize and her spirit is kind.  But I don't want a girlfriend.  

Sera grows quiet when I speak frankly.  She also sleeps with other men.  I think this makes her sad.   

Sera is good to me.  Ridiculously so.  She has open prescriptions for painkillers she NEVER uses.  She smokes her weed and gives the pills to me.  I have coached her to get better meds.  Told her When to call and What to say.  For me, she even went back for a neck MRI.  Now I get her oxycodone.    

What a piece of shit I am.  But Sera doesn't see it that way.  She just gives when she can.

But this is not why I slept with Sera.  I slept with Sera because I am human.  I am weak.  I make mistakes.  Sera was in my arms but not in my heart.  

My morning started out OK but I could tell from the herd mentality Something happened.  When my boss showed me the plan I understood the grim atmosphere.

I felt slightly ill.  No amount of drugs could numb this one.  The plan outlines a slow dismantling of domestic factories.  End game is a complete overseas transfer in 3 years.  3 years lets us close plants one at a time while pretending we are fighting politics and other scapegoats.  And it spreads out unemployment benefits and allows those resourceful enough to leave before they get canned.  Estimated savings to the corporation: 11 to 13%.  

"How many jobs is that?", I ask.

Brad leans back and muses, "Oh maybe 1200 or so?  But the writing has been up on the wall.  China's been kicking our butt for 2 years.  You know what they say right?"

I brace myself for it.

"Too soon, too late, too cold, too hot.  These are the excuses of those who do not wish to work.  For them, fortune slips by."

Jesus.  What a fucking tool.  I nod and leave.  

In my office I text my guy:  any ox?

Then I text Sera for lunch.  I need to leave this place and she has a car.  I am a user.

We eat at some diner she says is great because it's 1950's retro.  I barely notice until I take 2 of her oxy and mellow out.  

"Why are you so far away from me?", asks Sera touching my face.  I instinctively jerk back from her hand but realize she is just being kind.  Just being Sera.  

"Oh, just some work shit."  

My cheeseburger arrives by a tired looking waitress with a beehive wig.  Buddy Holly plays in the background.  Buddy and Sera are the only goodness this world has to offer me so I smile at Sera.  

Then I get a text back: no ox but h.  ecp 

I text back: y 3 

I wait for Sera to finish her milkshake and ask, "You mind if we make a stop on the way back to work?"

I have been trying to stay away from the bowling alley.  Devon is a shady little twerp but I have few connects in this town.  Devon runs the arcade which lets him sit in a smoky little backroom watching porn or playing Nintendo when he isn't fixing Skeeball machines.  Today I find him in the bar eating a tuna melt and drinking a Coke.  

"I'm on my break ok?", says Devon.  He seems annoyed I showed up on time.  "Give me 15", he says through a mouthful of food.  

Little fucker can't get up and go do this now?  But I nod and Sera and I take a seat at the bar.  I order a beer and she gets a coffee.

"God this place is awesome!", whispers Sera for the bar is almost deserted and quiet.  

Only 2 old guys with a pitcher of beer playing pool, Devon and us.  Outside in the bowling alley the jukebox plays Hank Williams' Lovesick Blues.  His yodeling and the oxycodone melt together and flow through my sorrow.  A mystical pairing...I wonder if my redneck genes are tuned into Hank because-    

"Look how retro everything is!  It's so 70's dive bar in here!", interrupts Sera with awe.

After Devon finishes his sandwich, he sits there and smokes TWO cigarettes.  Afterwards, I leave Sera at the bar.  The backroom is storage so Devon hunkers down between cases of napkins and urinal cakes.  As usual the bags look slightly starved but Devon shrugs.  In my suit I look like I can afford it.  Fucker.  I pay and grab Sera.  It has already been a long lunch.  

Back in the car Sera smokes a bowl.  I stare out the windshield.  Hank Williams lyrical sadness still echoes in my skull.

"Hey.  You're far away again.  Like everything is happening a mile off.  What's wrong?", asks Sera.  

So I tell her.  I feel so futile and powerless.  Like the garbage blowing down the streets.  

"Well whatever you do, don't quit silly!", says Sera choking on a huge rip of weed.

"What?  Why not?"

"Let them fire you!  You'll get a payout package and then you can go on unemployment and hangout.  Haven't you ever been fired before?", she asks.

I think about it.  Nope.  Never.  This is my first taste of a truly low and disgusting job.  All my other jobs I did what was expected of me.  Sometime I even did a good job.  But this fucking place...a whole other beast.

"So what did you get from that guy?  Devon?", questions Sera quietly.

I look at her.  I have no lies for Sera.  I fish out a bag of yellowish powder and show her.

"What's that?  Cocaine?"

"No.  It's heroin."

"Heroin?", says Sera obviously taken aback.  "Isn't that stuff bad for you?"

"Depends on your perspective."

Well, cats out of the fucking bag.  So I take a bump after the kitty with my office key.  Sera watches me curiously.  I snort another one.  My eyeballs roll upwards for a moment as I struggle to return to Sera and her car.  Good shit.    

"Ok", she nods.  "But you won't get sick or...addicted or anything?"

"Nah."  

I decide maybe one more bump....

I sighhhhhh as the curtain of hazy, crazy euphoria drops.  With every beat of my heart I care less and less.  Outside it is cold.  Clouds have gathered.  I can smell rain coming and birds wheel high above the Earth free from our terrestrial pain.  In the car, Sera smokes her pipe and I light a cigarette.  

Life.  A meaningless free falling tumble into darkness.    

Outside the wind picks up and trash from the mini mall whirls by.  Newspapers, print ads, tissues and fast food bags.  I sink into the seat and Sera starts the car.  I realize we are moving.

"Sera?"

"Yeah?"

"Please don't take me back.  I want to go home."

"You ok?"

"Never been better", I smile like a loon.

"Can I come too?", Sera asks in a small voice.

I look at her.  Sera stares straight ahead, preparing for my casual cruelness.  I sigh.  Fuck it.  

"Yeah.  Yes.  That would be nice."  

Sera smiles.
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/36uj8u/corporate_zen_heroin/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-26 12:43:25, # COMMENTS: 46, SCORE: 80
TITLE: The New Neighbors, POST BODY: The old mamacita that sweeps up our filthy sidewalk gives me serious evil eye when I walk up to my stairs after a long day of physic lectures and public transportation.  I smile weakly.  I am fiending for a huge line of relief.  Hopefully powder H, a little coke and a bong hit.  That would do it.  

"Buenas tardes!", I shout at the top of my lungs.  

And I have to shout because the unholy racket that rockets over the street comes from my apartment.  Someone is blasting my Misfits CD.  Then I realize...Shit!  That's where I hid my coke!    

"PRIME DIRECTIVE, EXTERMINATE THE WHOLE HUMAN RACE!" blots out whatever mamacita says to me while waving her arms in anger as if to swat away a million bees.

"Si!", I say and jog up my stairs.  Bastards.  Not only are they stealing my drugs but they are taunting me.  Typical, shitty roommate fun.

Inside my girlfriend Kym lounges on the couch sideways reading a Cosmopolitan magazine.  Jason sits at the table reading one of my core class Literature books - Titus Alone.  It is a foggy, city day and neither looks up as I walk in but when I turn down the stereo it snaps them back to this world.

"Babe!", smiles Kym popping up and hugging me.  

"Dude you read this crazy shit?  Peake must have been a junkie!", says Jason.

"SHUT UP SHUT UP!" shrieks a female voice from below.

I look at Jason.

"Oh we have new neighbors.  A guy named Rick and his painter girl named...fuck who cares?  Kinda sensitive though", said Jason drawing up some tar on foil to smoke, "We went down to say Hi last night when you were at school."

I inhale the tar dragon and feel a mile away from the apartment as all sound slows down till all I can feel is my heartbeat and Kym's arms around my chest.  Then I exhale and collapse on the couch.  

"She claims to be an artist but I don't know", reflects Jason, "she paints like a drunk 5 year old."

"She's a fucking cunt", adds Kym.

Ahhh, I am home.  

The voice downstairs stops shrieking so Kym gets up and cranks the music up again.  I shake my head, she pouts and turns it down.  I dig through the pile of CDs until I find the Misfits and retrieve whats left of my coke.  Neither of them look at me but I can just see just the tiniest hint of a smile on both faces.  

Bastards.

Oh well.  We are all shameless thieves and that was a crap hiding place.  I do a line and pass it to Kym.  I offer one to Jason who scrapes it onto a bong hit.  I do this to show them I am OK with their treachery.  See?  I still share.  We all share.  We are all good people.  Then I go to the kitchen, open the fridge and lose my fucking shit.

"GOD DAMNIT WHO ATE MY TURKEY MEAT?!", I bellow.

I have looked forward to this turkey all during my 3 hours of physics study group plus my 1 hour of commuting on public transportation.  I was going to take that turkey and put it between 2 slices of fresh wheat bread with butter lettuce, Romano tomato and avocado...Now that it is gone I am close to an emotional breakdown.  I want to punch something.  

"Yeah I ate it dude.  I ate it after I found your 'hidden' cocaine stash", says Jason as he stares at one of Mervyn Peake's bizarre illustrations.  "Let us be honest and good to each other.  I was hungry man!  What the fuck could I do?"

Jason's head is turned away from me.  I could club him with a bottle or a put him in a choke hold.

"So dinner is on me.  Oh and I ate all your ramen too.  But...Kym gave that to me."

Kym doesn't bother to look up from her magazine and shrugs indifferently.

Jason orders Chinese food and we feast on seafood crispy fried noodles, duck and hot and sour soup.  After dinner Kym disappears for one of her marathon shower sessions where she blasts music and splashes around for at least an hour but usually more.  
 
As I wash dishes Jason shows me the 200 oxycodone pills he got from Ari.  100 to sell and 100 to party with he smiles.  Then he shows me his present.  A rainbow assortment of gummy bears.  Ari had cut out the center of each bear and filled it with his homemade LSD.  As one of UC Berkeley's finest, Ari's LSD would be clean and powerful.  So I eat one.  

An hour later Kym emerges from her shower in high heeled boots, checkered stretch pants, a corset and extra bold ancient Egyptian eyeliner framing her sea blue eyes.  Her lollipop purple hair is divided into pigtails and held together by tiny, silver bats.  Kym obviously wants to go out so I charge my body with bumps of coke cut with oxycodone.  Oh sweet thebaine...      

On the way to the bar I have one of those moments I shall take to my grave.  I look sideways at this beautiful creature clutching my arm.  Street lights bow down as we pass by.  The moon illuminates a silvery path we trace beneath the flashing neon sky of the city.  And Kym is so beautiful.  Her mysterious smiles are volatile and perfect beneath the dripping stars of this LSD drenched dream.  Then a Muni pole crackles and explodes overhead.  A shower of electric sparks rains down as we walk by.  Kym winks at me in the sparkling light.  

Perfect.

The cocktail of drugs within me overruns reality as we step into the gloom of Vesuvios.  Posters turn to cubes and slide off walls as the people around me grow insect parts like antennae and beetle appendages.  A red beer light bleeds lobsters across the walls that melt and drip from the ceiling.  

We find a table to sit at.  Vesuvios is a 2 story tall bar and an awful band plays upstairs.  2 guys with keyboards surrounded by empty bottles of beer and drained shot glasses hammer out an operatic version of Planet of the Apes.  Thankfully it is almost over.  I almost scream when one of them puts on an ape mask, grabs a guitar and wails out the grande finale.  

But then a DJ takes over and I feel normal.    

Blondie's Heart of Glass shakes over the wobbly, black, gel cubed floor.  The angelic otherworldly voice rings pure through my being.  Kym's leather jacket slips off and she pauses to smile at me before she joins the music.  Jason passes me a coke bullet and I hit it.  My eyes water as my brain explodes.  Oh so FUUUCKED UUUP...Nope.  Not coke.  Coke and...?  But the lights begin to strobe and we both stare.  

Kym dances.

She becomes music embodied with flame.  A bonfire on a deserted tropical shore as the ancient music of the stars stretches above her...Time the illusion.  I am trapped in her moment.  Even today, I wonder if my whole life is but a dream and I am still there?  Still staring....

The spell is broken when the DJ plays UB40.  Kym shimmers in the sparkling light and returns.  Her eyes are closed and when she opens them she is just another 21 year old girl out on a Tuesday night.  But a damn good looking one that is almost bursting out of her corset.  Kym casually fends off some tall, oily looking bohunk on her way back.

"Gimme some fire", she says to Jason who slides the bullet over as he takes a shot of whatever passes as the house whiskey.  He gags, lights a cigarette and points it at Kym.  His pupils are hallucinating huge.

"Kym...", says Jason choking down the remnants of the house special with a grimace, "you are one spooky fucking chick when you dance.  Do you know that?  I swear to fucking god you turned into a...a bird or a...burst of light or something.  Man I am tripping but you saw it too yeah?"

Jason elbows me and knocks most of my gin and tonic into my lap.  

"Yeah...no...I don't know.  I mean...", I stammer poignantly.

"Are you guys dosing?", Kym asks taking one of Jason's smokes.  He notices this and puts the pack back in his pocket as we both shrug and nod.

Jason points to a table of sorority girls.  "Jennifer Loperena.  My oxy cash cow.  Be back in a second..."  I watch him stumble across the floor which bobs and sways like the deck of a ship at sea.

And suddenly a goofy looking big blond guy appears.  On his arm is a short, busty pinch faced brunette with freckles.The guy smiles widely.  Kym narrows her eyes and stands up.

"I gotta piss", she announces and stomps off.  

Whoa.

"Hi my name's Rick", introduces the guy as he shoots out a hand which I stare at.  

His hand looks like a flesh colored puppet snake head.  Weird man.  Then the hand retracts.  Oops!  I was supposed to shake it right?  So I smile and stick out my hand which Rick enthusiastically grasps and shakes.  Rick is obviously corporate.  He has Financial District written all over his blue denim, long sleeve shirt and khaki pants.  His girl is dressed in a floral print sundress.  They look like a GAP ad.

"Hi Rick", I say.

"Oh and this is Jude."

"Judith", corrects the pinch faced girl.  I shake her wrinkled, lizard claw hand.

I am confused.  But Rick fills me in.

"We're your new neighbors downstairs.  We met Carla and Jebediah last night."

"Oh...oh yeah?"  

Carla?  Jebediah?

"Yup", says Rick looking around and putting his hands in his pockets.

I turn away and ignore them.  Where did Kym go?  But they don't leave.  Rick finds a chair for Judith and now they are sitting...Fuck me.  Now I have to go to the bathroom to do bumps?  Kym returns.  

"Oh hi!", says Rick as Kym sits at the table ignoring Judith.  

Judith, Kym and I all pick up on Rick's upbeat tone.  I am used to Kym's effect on men but Judith's face grows bitchier.  Kym smiles mischievously.

"Oh hey Ricky!", she bubbles at him.  "How are you doing tonight?"

"Great!", nods Rick foolishly.  

I watch Judith whose thin mouth hardens in anger.

"Oh Judy!", exclaims Kym like she just saw her.

"Hello Carla", Judith deadpans.

"So what are you guys up to?", asks Kym leaning over to grab her beer so Rick can look at her chest.

"Oh just getting some drinks and...uh...", says Rick whose eyes flitter from Kym's corset to her face.

"Drinks!  Great idea!  Can I get a 7 and 7?"

Judith looks astonished as Kym smiles at Rick.  The poor fool agrees.

"Yeah OK, sure!  How about you?", Rick asks me.

"Oh I'm fine Rick", I giggle.  Man I am going to lose it.  

Jason comes back and does a double take at our new friends.  Kym starts to have fun.

"Jeb!  Look!  Our new neighbors!"

Jason grins and shakes Rick's hand and then gives a stiff, awkward oneway hug to Judith.

"Guys!  Good to see you!"

"Ricky's buying!  What you have Jebby?", exclaims Kym.

"Wow!  Thanks Rick!  I'll have a Long Island..."

The banter continues but I am too heavy in the skull to play.  Jason and Kym keep egging on Rick to piss off Judith.

"We should ask the DJ to play the Misfits!", says Kym looking right at Judith.  "I LOVE the Misfits."

Judith gets up and walks away.  Rick apologizes, gets up and chases after her.  Kym claims Judith's wine and Jason gives me Rick's beer.

"Nice couple", says Jason stirring his Long Island.

"To be honest, I didn't care much for Rick but Judith seemed Ok", said Kym sipping the wine.

I light another cigarette and for a second I feel sorry for our new neighbors.  We are terrible people.  There is a good chance Jason will burglarize their place if they don't lock their patio.  When I get mad I YELL and I have an abnormally loud voice.  I am often angry.  And Kym...well, she is the worse one of us all.  
  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/37cpie/the_new_neighbors/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-27 14:04:30, # COMMENTS: 51, SCORE: 140
TITLE: The Hole After My First Office Firing, POST BODY: It was bright, beautiful Friday morning when I look up and see Sam, the security guard standing sheepishly by my office door.  I quickly ALT-TAB away from the serial killer site I was zoning out on.  

"Hi uh I need to take you to Mr. Schuman's office", says Sam.  

Zero eye contact.  Sam is a friendly guy I can joke about weed and hangovers with.  This is odd.  

I follow Sam down the hall.  People walking by see me, widen their eyes and turn away.  Heads duck down and paths are changed.    

Sam knocks on Lester Schuman's door who answers, "Just a minute..."

We stand silently in the hall like goons.  Coworkers avoid the area like a plague zone.  Though this is my first office job I suddenly KNOW what's happening...Fuck.  I have been caring less, showing up late and skipping every meeting that did  not come with a birthday cake...Now I get why people are treating me like a pariah.

Les's little power play is annoying.  I was waiting until 10am to pop more oxy.  Standing here sober as people avoid eye contact is just plain sad.

"Ok come in", says Lester.  

So I walk in, "Please close the door and take a seat...Oh Sam just wait outside for us ok?"

"Yes Mr. Schuman", replies Sam.

I sit down as my manager shuffles through a stack of papers and checks off boxes.  He sighs dramatically, folds his hands and faces me.

"This is the worst part about being a leader", Les begins, "A leader is forced to make tough calls and that is what we are doing today.  I'm sorry son, but we have to let you go."

I stare at him.  Les has a weird head and hair sprouts from his ears.  He nods curtly and grabs the stack of papers and turns away from me.

"Ok.  I'll need your badge, laptop, pager and phone.  You will need to sign some release forms."

Now I definitely wish I had popped those damn oxys.  But my withdrawal drowsiness is gone.  Yeah I am definitely wide awake now.  Curiously though, I do not feel anger, shame or disappointment.  As Les and Sam escort me back to my desk to inventory company devices, I feel relieved.  Even a little happy.  And I'm not even high.  

An HR lady appears.  I suddenly realize I DON'T have to come here Monday morning.  I smile as I sign the Thou Shall Not Sue forms for a month's pay.  I shove everything personal into a box that once held copy paper.  Mostly clothing and toiletries for those nights I didn't make it home yet had to crawl into work the next day.  Man it is quiet in here.  None of the usual Friday weekend buzz buzz.  All the creatures are laying low in the forest.

Sam escorts me outside.  No one says a thing as I leave for I am Unclean.  Oh well.  I judge not.  These poor folk still have to wear their fears and obligations on their casual dress Friday clothes.  I shake Sam's hand goodbye.  When he leaves I eat some oxycodone and enjoy the delicious, bitter tang.  I walk to the train station in a curious daze clutching my box.  For the first time in years I am free.  

I have no idea what to do.

I get off near the mall and still carrying my box I go to the phone store.  I sign up for a new service and device.  I want to call Sera but have no idea what her number is.  I look at my business car and call the main number.  After 2 transfers she picks up.

"Oh my goodness!  I'm so sorry!  I heard from Liz.  They also fired Stan and Laura after you left.  Looks like Marketing and Project Resources is next.  Everyone is freaking!", whispers Sera.

But not Sera.  Her boss is a VP and she is his Executive Assistant.  He is married and slept with Sera at least once.  I get that much of their story.  But regardless they work well together and Sera gets a lot of Executive gossip before it becomes Corporate fact.  She warned me to start showing up to meetings but...No.  I was too lazy, high or hungover.

Now I feel like getting drunk with my box so I look around the mall.  The nearest relief is a Chilis...What a shitty fucking town I moved to.  But I try.  My waiter is Satan and he tries to get me to drink expensive margaritas flavored with green apple or peach schnapps.  I refuse and drink overpriced draft beer with expensive tequila.  My lunch is some fried onion thing that looks like an sadist held a toddler's head in a deep fryer and brained him with a club.

I end up eating more oxy to settle my stomach.  Drunkenness eludes me.  The opiate angel wings lift me high above my misery in a puke free manner.  The box and I feel dignified as we catch the next train home.

But 2 weeks later I realize what I missed from drunken debauchery.  Primal release.  Spewing vomit on the side of a club, unsafe sex with strangers and late night meals of donuts and pizza slices.  Maybe take the alphamale feelings out of storage and get into a fight for old times.  But I can't get that drunk anymore.  Opiates always win.  

My connect feeds me pills and ECP.  Downtown is nothing but tar.  But my little gargoyle friend at the bowling alley always has Roxy 30mgs and this sunlit yellow ECP.  Where does he get that shit?  My only clue is he barks Russian at his uncle when they argue in the bowling alley bar over work schedules.  I would undercut the little bastard as he taxes me like a motherfucker but he is mute about his sources.  Just stares at his lesbian porn or plays Smash Bros in his little hole of an office between cases of toilet paper and cans of nacho cheese sauce.  

Sera is over a lot.  She hovers around and I enjoy her smiles.  She wants into my life but fuck...I like Sera.  Sera is a good person.  Lives her life so safe and sane.  I don't want her to come in.  She knows about the heroin and pills - hell she gives me her scripts for morphine and hydros.  But I seldom use in front of her as she is like a child.  She watches with wide eyed curiosity when I snort or smoke heroin.  So now I hide it like the filthy creature I have become.  Skulking in restrooms and keeping my blood deeds behind locked doors.  Let Sera enjoy her marijuana and wine.  May she never stray off her path and come over to the deep dark woods.

I don't look for work.  I get unemployment checks.  Bills are paid.  The only changes are my tolerance for opiates and growing boredom.  Sera works and I have no other friends here so I walk around in the daytime.  I ride the train.  I watch people live their lives and wonder, Where do I fit in?  

Then my connect dries up.  I have been like clockwork for the guy.  Every Tuesday I come in for 3 bags and whatever pills he has.  On average I part with $250 to $500 a week.   And I'd give him more if he had it.  I am a hoarder.  So I was jaw to the floor fucking amazed when he shrugged and said Nothing.  

Nothing?  What the fuck...

So I found myself drifting through the downtown sketchy tar hookups.  Had some luck in the bars but it was always tar.  Smoking wasn't doing it without the Roxy cushion and I grew tired of all the fucking foil...So I dug out the rigs.  Been a few years since I stabbed myself but hell, it's just like riding a bicycle...

Teeth clenched to an old work tie I trap the blood until the vein rises like a willing sacrifice to the 28 gauge devil.  When the blood tornado swirls up into my shot I let go of the tie and insert bliss.  My spirit rises like a god...and a deep darkness creeps over me.  For a moment before my rolls back into my skull I feel every pleasure in the Universe.  I become one with the wavering band of light...

"Oh my God!  Oh my God!"

SMACK!  SMACK!  CRACK!

MY head whips back and I awake coughing and wet.  I am on the floor, my shirt ripped open and my chest sore...bruised ribs.  I vomit all over myself and sit up.

Sera is crying.  Her hands clasp my face and she looks crazy and spent.  

"You...you were dead.  I felt your pulse stop.  It stopped.  You...you died in my arms..."

I take off my shirt and wipe my face with it.  I feel weak but pleasantly high.  Heroin high.  I wish I had some coke to even myself out...but then the world tilts and I know I am truly fucked.  Things are slow and blurry.  Sera loses it and starts bawling.  I watch her until she calms down and starts breathing.  She looks up.

"You never came out of the bathroom.  Thank god you didn't lock the door!"

"Heh?  I'm ok...", 

I feel horrible but if I can stand I should be fine.

"Ok?  Your heart stopped..."

"Sera I don't think my heart stopped.  I just passed out", I explain weakly.  She stares at me mystified.

And I look at Sera.  I think she is talking but I can't move...I blink, blink, blink and return to Earth.

"-saw it!  No.  You...I felt...", she sighs exasperated, stand up and points at me.  "You're fucking lips are blue!"

Her voice starts to fade and get far away.  I keep blinking and trying to breathe.  I think I pushed it to the door...Yeah THAT door.  Jesus.  I turn and puke again.  This time in the bathtub.  

"Sorry", I croak.  "Sorry Sera..."

"Is this an OD?  Has this ever happened before", she asks.

"Maybe?"  I can't concentrate.  Oh yeah.  It has happened.  I just want to sleep.  In my bed.  But how can I get up?

When I wake up in the hospital no one is there.  A machine beeps softly.  I sigh and stare at the ceiling.  Fuck.  Again.  I thought that guy from the past was long gone and forgotten.  But here he is again.  Just sitting there as usual.  Sinking deeper and deeper into the darkness.     , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/37hsrb/the_hole_after_my_first_office_firing/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-05-28 13:47:16, # COMMENTS: 40, SCORE: 90
TITLE: Kym's Vacation Blues, POST BODY: Another gray city day as I trip trap stomp my way home.  Ahh sweet bumps of powdered smack await my attention inside.  Couple that with the love of a good woman and how can I not have a fucking great day...?

Well, I can't.

I detect a shift in the Universe the instant my door opens.  The doorknob click begins a vacuum that inhales my optimism and the fresh, foggy, sea breeze that followed me home.  I cross the threshold into a domain of stale, heated air, ashtray stench and sorrow.  

Dark psychedelic goth noise swirls with cigarette smoke and drifts down the hall.  Drippy electric guitar washes over me as a field of tiny silver bells chimes to a winter's day breeze.  As I approach my room a haunting voice laments, "And it's so cold...It's like the cold if you were dead...and then you smiled for a second."

Kym is sad.

I can feel this in my bones as I walk towards our room.  

Music frequently greets me when I come home.  Often it is cranked up to obnoxiously loud levels much to amusement of the Mexican street vendors below.  Punk, hip hop or metal equate happiness or release.  But The Cure can mean anything.  Like it could mean someone is on acid and being weird.  Or maybe someone is having a spontaneous, joyful dance.  

But The Cure is also great for moping.  

As Plainsong echoes and resonates inside my skull I allow my instincts to take over.  Do NOT go to the stash of drugs.  Do NOT get a cigarette.  Do NOT get a beer.  

Go ask Kym What is wrong.  Do this or suffer, explains my brain patiently.

Sitting in the middle of our couch, hunched over with her face in her hands and dyed black hair cascading through her fingers is Kym.  I can see her shuddering through the cacophony of sound and her tears fall to to the wooden floor below.  I turn down the music.  She doesn't move so I sit next to her and allow my skin to touch her for warmth.

"Hey", I whisper softly.  

Jason's head pops into the door frame like a gopher from the hallway and Kym looks up.  Mascara melted tears bleed down her face.

"Oh!  You're home dude.  Good", he says quietly.  "Well I gotta get going."

Jason catches my eye and head motions me into the hallway.

I look at Kym and see so much in the depths of her sea blue eyes.  Anger, chaos and sorrow.  Too much sorrow.

"I found her like that", says Jason as he pulls on his jacket.  From the pocket he hands me a couple of bags of powder.  

"Thanks."

Jason drops his voice, "I stayed here because Kym was trying to do a gram shot...I talked her out of it.  I don't even know if anyone CAN do a gram shot of this shit.  Sounds mythical.  Sounds bad.  So watch her ok?", Jason rubs his face and continues.  "Something happened...I don't know.  She was on the phone, she wasn't speaking English and then she went for a rig.  Oh and the Cure...this is the THIRD time that fucking CD has repeated..."

"Ok.  And Jason?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks man."

"No problem", he smiles.  He knows I don't mean thanks for the drugs.  He still owes me $50.   

Fuck.  I'm so lucky Jason was here today...Having heroin around is sometimes like having a loaded gun.  You never know what will happen when things get crazy.

Kym is still on the couch but now she smokes.  She stares into the cigarette trails as if she can discern alternate realities within.  I hand her some tissue.  She leans against me and offers me the cigarette which I take.

"You ok Kym?"

"Yeah", she answers in a quiet voice.

"What happened?"

"Just some shit."

I look at her but she stares vacantly forward.  

"You want to talk-"

"No.  I'm ok", she says standing up, "I just need a shower.  Can you order some Mexican?  I'd like some chicken pozole with chips, cilantro, onion and don't forget the limes."

"Ok."

Kym showers, I do some homework and order food.  She is distant and something new moves behind her smile but she isn't sharing so I let things be.  We enjoy the soup and then...she gives me a pedicure.  This is something Kym insists on doing so I read Man's Fate and get my toes done.  She paints them cobalt blue.

"From the golden sands of my ancestors we once watched the twin gods Sky and Sea greet each other...", mutters Kym absent-mindedly as she focuses on my toenails.

"What?", I ask.

"Hmmm?", she says fixing a spot.

"You said-"

"Oh that's just Them talking babe."

Kym often speaks of her ancestors like they are in the room standing behind you.  It is one of her eccentricities that makes people uncomfortable.    

When my toes dry I go to my physics club study session.  I snort some oxy and coke to keep engaged.  Chemicals keep me happy but man I feel like a fraud around these serious, noble scholarly types.  Are these the people I will fit in with later in life?  Seems doubtful.  I bid everyone a good night and take the Muni bus home.  

Inside Kym is on the couch smoking and watching Pinky and the Brain.  She has spiked her dyed black hair to explode into the air.  Her face is powdered white and Egyptian black swirls of eyeliner accentuate her stares.  She wears a grandma black church dress with fishnet stockings and high heeled black boots.  

"I want to dance", she says stubbing out her smoke and then grabbing her black leather jacket.

When Kym wants to dance she does not mean with me.  I am a terrible dancer.  When Kym dances she goes away.  To another world.  She says when she dances she feels her mother dancing.  She feels her grandmother dancing.   And her grandmother's mother and so on to an endless time where all the dancers of her blood become one.  In other words, she dances with Them.

So we go to Enzyme.  Fucking Jason is working the door.

"ID?", he asks professionally.

"You have...a job?", asks Kym incredulously.

"Nah...", grins Jason.  "Just guarding the door while my man Keith makes some calls.  But I like the power!  Ms!  Ms!  You cannot bring that attitude in here!", says Jason to Kym as we walk in for free.

Enzyme is crowded.  We find a table near the floor.  A bunch of drunk suburban kids are celebrating a birthday behind us.  You can always spot them when they come to the city.  They're less grimy and vicious looking than us.  

I order a beer, Kym takes off her jacket, kisses me and walks off in a trance.  

More drinks come.  Jason appears and we do coke bumps.  Kym dances and I feel powerful thinking I sleep next to her.  But it's just an illusion.  Thinking you can claim Kym is like trying to hold fire.  It can't be done so just be glad you're warm for the night.  

"Hey man", says the bouncer sitting down next to Jason and sliding over a envelope.

"Yo Keith!  I'll need the same on Friday ok?"

Keith nods but his eyes are on the floor.

"Damn...", Keith sighs, "That girl...She's back.  The one one with the heart shaped ass.  Life is so unfair sometimes.  Alright Jase.  See you Friday."

Keith goes back to the door.  I watch the girl with the heart shaped ass dance.  The power she holds over us is unfair.  Kym is dangerous enough just smiling.  But her dancing connects us to places where we grow lost in the eternal story of starlight and flames.  

Kym returns flushed from her spell and kills my beer in two deep gulps.  I signal for another as she sits on my lap and stares at me.  Then she smiles, leans over and kisses me slowly and deeply.  My whole being empties into her...    

When I come up for air Jason is gone.  Poor guy.  How many times does that happen to him?  I can't help it.  Sometimes I am in the real world and along comes Kym.  Her aura can eclipse reality.  All I see is her ocean blue eyes and cruel, cutting smile.  She seems better after the dance.  Relief from some slowly healing wound brought her mischief back.  So I ask.  

"Kym?  What happened?"

And I get the story.

Every 2 years Kym's family travels to Dubai to stay with her dad's family for a month.  There has never been a thought of not going.  But one thing that irks her is that her brother can bring his girlfriend but Kym and her sister must travel alone for they are unwed.  Her sister shrugs.  The luxuries of Dubai and her family honor are a fair trade.  But Kym...

"I hope you believe me.  I would not go simply because of YOU.  In my heart this is truth...but the OTHER reason is why I am so afraid."

Her hands clutch me and her eyes race across my face for solace.  I know what she means.  I can feel the chains too.  Our love is strong but our addictions are creatures to be feared.  When we get high, we get really high and disappear for awhile.  

One day we may never come back.

"I couldn't leave heroin.  Just thinking about it...Ugh!  Like bringing oxy or smuggling some in.  But a month?  I felt so sick and afraid thinking about how cold that would feel..."  

Tears rolled down her face but she catches herself, takes a deep breath and looks at me.  A resolute smile replaces the fear.  She lights a cigarette, poised and in control.  

"I'm a fucking junkie", she admits, "When I told my dad I couldn't go, I used you as an excuse.  I told him how fucked he was for letting Malek bring Lisa while Iona and I would be called whores if we showed up with our boyfriends...but fuck!"

Her eyes shut in pain and just a touch of the storm appears.  Just enough to dampen her mascara and make her look gothic.  But she steadies herself and looks at me in anger.

"Just the thought of not having any makes me sick.  Fuck, fuck fuck!", Kym slams the table with her beer bottle.  It foams out in anger and pours over her hand.  She looks at the bottle for a second before she backhands it off the table.  I watch it skitter across the floor spurting foaming beer.

"I'm sick right now babe!", cries Kym looking at me.  "I shot up this morning before work, smoked trails with Jason and I already feel the hole inside me!"

"What do you want to do?", I ask.  Kym looks fragile and lost.  I know this feeling.  "I mean you can get clean and go..."

"Are you serious?", she asks in disgust.  "Babe I KNOW what I want to do.  I just told my family to fuck off..."

"So?  What do you want to do...?"

"Do...?", says Kym as reaches over to the next table and takes an unclaimed shot of vodka and kills it.  The drunk girl guarding purses and jackets while her friends dance stares uncomprehendingly as Kym tosses her the empty shot glass.  "Do?  I'm going straight to Hell!  I'm gonna get fucked up!"

Kym stomps off towards the bar with the cash she stole from her job to order more drinks.  The drunk girl at the table looks like she wants to say something but averts her eyes when Kym wheels around to face her.

"Having a good time?", asks Kym belligerently.  

I steer Kym back to our table where she pounds kamikaze shooters and snorts coke openly on the table.  I should say something but choose instead to lean back and wait for security.  When Kym starts cutting lines with her combat knife we are asked to leave.    

Jason finds us around 3:30am.  The TV is muted but casts a sickly cancerous glow on us.  Arms draped around each other for human comfort as Kym's head is nestled on my chest.  My black leather jacket draped over her like a protective bat wing as our hollow, pinpoint eyes track Jason's movements.

"There you are!", he smiles.  "Why'd you guys leave?  You missed the band."  

Kym puts two fingers to my head like a gun, smiles and says, "Bang bang baby."

Jason looks confused but when he looks at the table he grunts in understanding.  The blunted needle we shared sits in a nest of bloody tissues and used alcohol wipes.

"You can get a gram down", I say in a whisper for breathing is hard.  "You just have to break it up to first."  
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/37mjix/kyms_vacation_blues/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-01 13:05:09, # COMMENTS: 28, SCORE: 66
TITLE: The Corner, POST BODY: "Satan is real!", cries the old black man on the corner.  "Submit yourself to God!  Let the Devil flee from the Army of Righteousness!"

The Financial District lunch crowd trails around him like orderly ants returning to the colony.  The zealot waves a sign painted with Peter 5:8 while he delivers his wild eyed, spit laced rant.  Traffic creeps by as cable cars clang their bells.  An angry taxi horn bounces off skyscraper walls and explodes like a dinosaur cry over the press of 1000 souls on lunch break.  Mostly corporate workers in suits but also tourists, city dwellers and the lost, homeless street people.  The smell of falafels, Chinese food, vendor hot dog steam and things from the ocean getting deep fried swirl over the crowd with the misty fog.  The tide of humanity swells around the crazy old black man who screams to save their souls because no one gives a shit.  
But one soul acknowledges him.

A tiny, homeless street girl dressed in a ratty gray wool sweater, orange gypsy dress and faded colorful knit scarfs sits across the sidewalk from him.   She leans against the imposing black walls of a bank building that thrusts obscenely high into the sky like marble phallus.  Perched on her head is an old cowboy hat with a sticker that says SUICIDAL on it.  Her dirty, bare feet point at his nearly empty bucket which has a crumpled dollar and some change.

"Do not give the Devil a foothold!", bellows the old man to the indifferent crowd.

Kym exits Canon Cafe in her work apron wearing a name tag that says Babs with her platinum blond hair piled up in a bun.  The sides of her head are shaved and she has painted one of her eyes in an Egyptian design.  She lights a smoke and spots Dev sitting against the bank and joins her.  Kym's long legs stretch out into the sidewalk forcing the office ant people to shift closer to the crazy old screaming black guy.  

"Yo Devika."

"Khadja," replies Dev not breaking eye contact with the old man waving his sign.

"You want a sandwich or anything?  Tell me now because I'm off in a couple hours," says Kym.

"Really?  I would love a veggie cheese bagel, chips and juice.  Any apple juice?"

Kym exhales and flicks her smoke through a crowd of Financial District suits and narrowly burns an outraged Asian man who is too busy to stop.  

"Yeah.  But you should try the Tahitian lime.  Organic hippie shit."

"Limes from Tahiti?  Ok.  And thanks Khadj."

"No problem."

"And not just flesh and BLOOD!", bellows the old black guy as he waves his sign like an ax at the lunch crowd wobbling back from this awkward sidewalk section.  "But the Army of Darkness and Spiritual Wickedness!"

"We got Stracchino cheese.  You gotta try that.  All the taro chips are gone but we still have the artisan ones", says Kym as she fishes her coke bullet out of her apron.

"Whatever is fine by me.  You are a force of good in this world...", says Dev.

Kym snorts a blast and her eyes widen as the oxy and coke enter her bloodstream.

"Whew!  I'll hook you up Dev but eat your whole fucking lunch Ok?  I'll throw in one for Melo too.  Just make sure my boss isn't there before you come in", says Kym standing up.  

She snorts up the drug powdered snot wad and swallows it with a smile.  Then she fishes out a scrap of paper from her apron and looks at the crazy man waving his sign.

"Hey!  I looked that shit up at the library old man!  It says: Be sober!  Be vigilant!  Your adversary the devil is a roaring lion!  Walking about, seeking whom HE may devour!"

The old black man steels his eyes upon Kym and lowers his sign.  Dev looks at Kym, covers her mouth and giggles.

"Well you're wrong.  It's not a 'He'.  Its a 'SHE!'.  I AM THE FUCKING LION!  RRRAAAAAARRRRRRR!" bellows Kym with arms stretched out into the sky.  The lunch crowd creates a wider path around the roaring blond mohawked girl and sign waving fanatic.  But a few stop to watch.

"Be careful what you say girl...", warns the old man.

"YOUR TIME IS OVER!  MAKE WAY FOR THE FUCKING LIONS!", yells Kym dramatically before she turns and walks back to work.

Dev smiles at the old man.  He looks at her warily expecting more noise but Dev is sweet.  She knows the madness of the old man.

"That was The Lover", says Dev conversationally to the old man.  "She has an ancient soul.  Older than you or your god."

"Why are you two always bothering me?  You and that harlot with the crayon hair!"

"Well Khadj works over at that cafe and I like hanging out on this corner.  Like you!"

He stares at her for a second before getting back to work.

Jason comes around the corner, spies Dev and plops down next to her.  The street prophet eyes him warily for Jason has a green spiked mohawk but does not break his fiery oration.

"You MUST confess to walk the path of righteousness!", he yells.  

"Hi God dude!", yells Jason amicably.  Then he turns to Dev, "What's up Dev?  Saw your tag on a cable car going down Van Ness.  DevL!  Pretty wicked.  How'd you manage that?"

"Oh I know where they sleep at night," smiles Dev mysteriously.

"Hey you see some bald head dudes around here?  Supposed to meet them in front of Canon."

Dev shrugs.

"Like skinhead jerks.  Hell, maybe even Nazi shit on them.  Wouldn't put it past them because their from Oregon."

"Oregonians are lowly, backwoods hillbilly fucktards," says Dev who is from Oregon.  "But no.  Wait...is that them?"

It is another foggy day in the city.  That lovely gray smear that coats everything in dew drops.  Wow...when the Financial District empties out the office workers into Union Square the area is CROWDED.  Me and Vince are on a study break to meet Jason at Kym's work.  Jason scored Vince some Adderall which in my opinion is a shit drug.  You might as well do crank.  Not as sweet as coke or even X.  Just a little fucking hyper but to each their own.  Jason's also supposed to be getting some Oregon H.  For some reason the north consistently scores some seriously pure shit.  And powder.  None of that tar shit.

We round the corner and see Dev standing up between Jason and 3 creepy looking, knobby skulled skinhead types.  Dressed in denim and Dixie flags they look alien and wrong in multicultural San Francisco.  Kym spots me and opens the door.

"Hey babe!", smiles Kym popping out.  The intoxicating scents of Kym's amber and myrrh perfume mixed with fresh roasted coffee wash over me like her caress.  "Oh hi Vince!"

Vince's thick eyeglasses turn black in the light which reflects his shyness of Kym.  He blushes and nods.  

"Hi,", I say reaching in to get my kiss but my hackles are up.  Something is wrong.

As the lunch crowd streams by Jason and the skinheads, an angry voice carries over the crowd.  Vince stops being bashful and looks up alert.

"-not H!  8!  Like 8 ball asshole!  Coke!  You fucking wasting MY time?", yells the skinhead and the other two surround Jason.

The street preacher steps back and grabs his bucket of change.  He eyes the exchange in front of him warily.

"No problem!  Didn't hear you over the phone!", says Jason as Dev wanders between them.  She senses the inevitable.  So does Vince.

"Give me $20 for wasting my fucking time!", demands the skinhead shoving Jason.

"HEY!  What the fuck you doing?  Easy!  It was mistake!  Thought you said H!  What the fuck?!"

"We don't have H!  Ask the nigger here for H and give me $20 or we'll kick your fucking skull in!"

"What the fuck you say?!", says Jason.  

And it explodes.  Jason suddenly punches the guy as the two friends start beating and kicking him.

"Crap", says Vince taking off his glasses and putting them on the counter.  

Kym rushes the fight screaming, "Get off him you motherfuckers!"

Man.  One moment there is tension and then...I jump in after Kym.

The lunch crowd bursts and scatters like a bomb hit it.  Everyone scrambles outward except Kym, Vince and I who rush to the center where Jason is curled up in a ball on the sidewalk.  Dev is knocked aside and tumbles into the street preacher who grabs her and shoves her behind him.  Jason goes down screaming in a sea of denim fists.  Kym is holding an espresso portafilter which she swings like a club.  It bounces off one guy's head who turns to face her but I tackle him.  Everyone is swinging, yelling, kicking and cursing.  But Vince comes in methodical.  He pauses and waits as someone throws a wild roundhouse, steps inside and drills the guy with a vicious crack to the jaw.  Then he turns, waits until the guy clubbing Jason reaches back and sucker punches him from the side dropping him.  The guy under me squirms away as Kym kicks him and Jason rips his shirt off trying to yank him back.  The three skinheads run across the street and the last one gets clipped by a taxi which just keeps on going.  

Vince reaches down and picks something up.

"Hey is anyone missing a tooth?", he asks.  We all shake our heads as he tosses the tooth into the gutter.

"I thought I felt a tooth crack", Vince smiles as he holds out his fist to us so we can see his ring.  "My high school valedictorian ring.  The amethyst stud is mean in a fight."

The street preacher steps up holding Dev's arm.  "SFPD are definitely on the way.  I suggest you all leave."

"Yeah I gotta get back to work,", says Kym giving me a kiss.  "Come get me at 5pm.  Oh Vince?  Don't forget your glasses."

"Oh yeah."

"Bye Kym!", chime Jason and Dev.

"Hey Dev", I ask looking around because I can hear sirens echoing somewhere behind the wall of skyscrapers.  "You want to go with us to Stavos?  Go get a drink?"

"Nah.  I like it here on my corner."  
       , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/383yil/the_corner/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-02 13:21:05, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 68
TITLE: Birth of the Mask, POST BODY: "You fuck Sera yet?", asks Don Piper or Pipes or even 'The Piper' as he wishes to be called.

"Now Donald, is that relevant to architecting client pool data into a user friendly format?"

"Dude I have no idea what that means or why I'm here.  I'm being punished.  Banished to the nerdzone.  Yeah I have your user pool data.  Rich old white men read the trade show magazine.  Rich old white men buy trade show booths.  Chinese dudes buy trade show passes yet no booths nor magazines."

Sadly, that was our assignment in a poignant nutshell.

"And do you know what that means?"

"Means we're doomed dude!  I'm already applying.  So you get in there or what?  Only like 2 chicks I'd bang here.  Sera and Tanya.  Preferably both at the same time", says The Piper as he grabs his the sides of my computer monitor and mounts it and starts grinding his crotch into it.  

Tanya is the front lobby receptionist.  Probably in her seventies but still shows off her tanned, wrinkled cleavage.  Don starts slapping my monitor and groaning as I wonder how I will ever pay back the $30,000 I borrowed to get the degrees that brought me to this sad moment?  

"Sera is on your jock 24/7.  Everyone knows you two got some shit going on!  So you hit that or what bro?"

I had just met Sera a month ago.  After a drunken holiday party where some groping and kissing were witnessed, I was marked.  Bored coworkers with little to do enjoyed the gossip and speculation  

For 8 hours we are trapped here.  Sera's frumpy fashions and awkward goofiness slowly transforms all day until the afternoon where she emerges a radiant goddess.  Now all the males feel compelled to stop and make small talk with her.  For regardless of what your business card says you do, in an 8 hour job your brain keeps coming back to your primal core.  Eating and fucking.  A smiley girl like Sera brings out all your Roman perversions.  By 2pm pretty much every male and at least 2 females from the art department dream of feasting fresh cinnamon buns off her fleshy backside.

Sera enjoyed the gossip but I found it annoying.  Like high school annoying.  Suddenly Don stops humping my computer and stands up straight.  Footsteps and then a manager appears.    

"So?", comes the gruff authoritative voice, "What is the status on that recon work I assigned you two?"

We look up at Bradley Stone.  Depending upon whatever themed business motivational book Bradley Stone was reading he could come off as the warrior, philosopher, yogi or zen boss.  This month it was all military terms.

"Sir!", quips Don Piper.  "We have ramped up our intelligence efforts and are putting forth a cohesive, yet flexible game plan.  We can roll with anything WESCONF throws at us."

Bradley Stone nods sternly and then looks at me.  Inside I cringe but my brain is lit up on thebain fire from all the oxy and coke I snorted in the restroom 15 minutes ago.

"Well, my partner and I have a solid grasp on the subject at hand and just need to cross a few T's and connect a few dots to make this fact.  The team effort we got from your side Mr. Stone has made this pop early.  With a little more bandwidth and little more push we will be good to launch."

"Alright boys", beams Mr. Stone who will take credit for all the half ass work Don and I have done.  "Great job!"

We watch him walk away.  For a powerful corporate man, Bradley Stone sure does swish his hips a lot.  Don begins to giggle.  "What do your mean 'bandwidth'?  What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"

"I don't know.  I heard Lisa Croffer say it at the Executive Lunch Meet."

"Man...you think ol' Bradley's queer?  I don't feel comfortable pissing next to him.  He's got that side eye thing.  Plus he's one of those squirt squirt pissers," says Don rubbing his chin, "Well I gotta jet.  You gonna meet up at Eagles after work?"

I wanted to go home and get high.  Or go to Sera's and get high.  But it is football season.  This is part of my job.  I guess.

"Yeah man, I'll see you there", I nod.  

Don Piper gives me a frat boy slapping handshake that I have finally gotten down.  These damn handshakes are regional and his variation threw me for a while.  Ahh male bonding.  Hopefully it makes work easier.

Already I see the social groups here and instinctively know which one I should be in.  I'm new enough, well spoken enough and definitely tall enough to join the douche bag club that runs the place.  Its a good ol' boys club and if I learn my football scores, frat boy handshakes and suppress the urge to SCREAM I can probably do OK here.  

Thank god for all the coke and oxy I have been scoring.

"You going to Eagles?", says Sera catching up as I bee line outside for my 3pm smoke and coffee break.  

Eagles is one of those cheesy sports bar restaurants that is cloned in all the malls in this bland, culture-less sprawl I call home.  Only one train hop away it is like a swirling toilet that catches all the office turds at the end of the day.

"I don't know", I say warily and self consciously as she grabs my arm and cheerfully follows me outside.  

I untangle her and light up a smoke.  I try to distance myself as she fumbles with a pack of cigarettes and lights one.  Lately Sera has been smoking.  It's kinda junior high flattering that Sera would give herself cancer to impress me but at least she isn't asking about the morphine and oxys she gets me for her spinal injury.  That disc of hers is a Golden Ticket to opiates and she could care less.  Hates the way they make her feel and just smokes weed...the nerve of some people.

"Well let me know ok?  I should go because my boss is going and all but I spend 40 hours with him plus it's Friday and-"

"Look I gotta get back", I cut her off, "I'll try but I have to meet up with Don for that thing we're doing..."

"The Piper?", she giggles, "Ok.  See you later!"

I go back in, sit at my desk and memorize sports scores and player names.  My assignment sits undone but I don't want to finish it too fast.  You just get more work and hell, the pay is the same so fuck it.

I slip out early and gulp enough oxy to coast me through my upcoming ordeal.  Just thinking of sports, beer and spending time with the people I loathe encourages me to dip into my stash and enjoy an extra pill.  But I chew this one to get the party started faster.  Fuck, I wish I had more cocaine but I only had what I brought in my bullet and that's long gone.  So I eat Sour Patch Kids instead.  I'll have to face this ordeal with oxycodone alone.  But oxy will take me there.  In oxy I trust.

"YO SLIM!", yells a red faced Don who has started a little early.  And I thought I would have trouble finding their table...

"Guys!", I shout loudly and enthusiastically.  

Even in here is the hierarchy.  Executives have prime seats at the head of the tables.  I notice a sad crew of older manager types that hit the top of their careers and were stagnating.  These are the men and women that do the majority of the work but...they simply do not fit in.  Too short, too realistic, too ugly and all the other high school social cues that kept them against gymnasium wall during school dances.  I see it all so clearly.  They are sad to be here.  Someone swipes Francis Yung's chair when he stands up to allow the waitress by with a tray of drinks and wedges it into the inner circle table for me.  Francis and I both pretend that did not just happen as I sit down.

And then comes shots and nachos and then more shots.  Pitchers of beer, platters of fried finger foods.  Mercifully the 2 oxy brothers in my belly began to emerge spreading their light within me.  I needed this now because my anger and cynicism was starting to show behind my fractured smiles.  I was quickly growing less enthusiastic about high-fiving people.     

"Order!  ORDER GENTLEMEN!", yelled Bradley Stone during halftime.  "I need to make an announcement!"

"Your wife signed the divorce!"

"You've accepted the job in China!"

And a few more jabs from coworkers high enough on the totem pole to jab Bradley.

"No you imbeciles!", barks Bradley Stone with his beet red face smeared with a shit eating grin, "I propose a TOAST!"

Glasses were raised.

"To these two gentlemen right here", Bradley points his whiskey sour at Don and I.  We were pushed forward to stand which we did.

"These two bastards right here are the kind of new blood our company has been waiting for!  These two men do not wait for results...They MAKE results!"

An embarrassingly loud table thumping ensues while other patrons of the restaurant do their best to ignore us.

"Which is why I would like to announce...", says Bradley Stone looking at us, "our two new Directors of Field Tech!  Give 'em a hand!"

And more more rounds came.  More shots.  More high fives.  While you can sip a beer, shots are another animal.  The alcoholic slug starts creeping from my belly towards my brain and I grow more annoyed.  Looking around I do not see one face I would not like to punch.  The only decent people at my work are standing around clapping because there are no more chairs and they were terrified to be seen not giving a shit.  An ambitious career requires a lot of acting and I could see them wondering how to get a chair near the managers and the nachos?

And then I saw her.  Sera walks in.  She spies me and starts walking over.  Her drunken boss Gary who was the VP of our division sees her too.

"Uh oh!  It's my boss!"

And everyone laughs.  Fucking sycophant assholes.  Sera rolls her big purple eyes dramatically and grins for Gary as coworkers bray.  But then the drunken louts saw her looking at me.  Their laughter turns raunchy, rude things are muttered and more than a few people slap my shoulder good-naturedly.  My tolerance for this farce was fading yet the 2nd half of the football game was just beginning. This shit parade would never end.

And Sera, being the silly creature that she is shoves her way to the table completely blind to social protocol to show me something.  I see Don Piper nodding and leering at me from across the table as she leans over to show me something in her bag.  Today is Casual Dress Friday so Sera is wearing black work pants with a red blouse that The Piper and some other drunken louts are peering into.    

"Hey!  Look what I got for Mycroft....TA DA!"

Mycroft is my betta fish who lives a solitary, depressing existence in a pickle jar.  Sera holds up a porcelain medieval castle with a smile.  Then her glasses slide off her nose and bounce to the floor.

"Whoops!", she smiles as she bends down to retrieve them.  

As she squats Don and creepy older manager guy next to him stand up to get a better view.  The red blouse goes up exposing Sera's pale backside and her low slung black pants reveal a hint of her purple thong.  Don's mouth looks like a gaping goldfish as he points and elbows the guy next to him.

My vision goes murderous red for an instance.  I can easily clock him because he is leaning towards me.  Experience has taught me one good crack to the lower jaw would whip the brain back into his skull knocking him out cold.  As I stand up Don feels my energy.  Something animal and timeless flows between us.  Maybe my nostrils were flared to suck in extra oxygen for a brawl or maybe I had rage in my eyes.  But he felt it as I unconsciously slid myself between him and Sera.  His lecherous face turns to amusement.  Time slows.

Sera is bent over, oblivious.  She views herself as a large, awkward girl.  But to the drunken men gathered round the table this afternoon she is a young, blond, busty female.  They leer and ogle and as she bends over to retrieve her glasses inadvertently showing plenty of cleavage and ass.  

I hate them all.  I want to HOWL my disgust, grab a chair and start smashing faces.  But I don't.  Don Piper is what he is.  A simple creature.  He likes his job and his peers.  But me...no.  It is my motivations that are twisted.  I am the one trying to fit in, not them.  I do not like my gaping, perverted bosses and peers.  I do not like my job.  But I crave the end result.  Money.  I rationalize this and something awful happens.  I create a new me.  

I will not pick up my chair and brain Don.  He leers at Sera and that is OK.  A false face surrounds me and I look through it.  And I see the world through their eyes.  It is a simple view.  Boobs, butts and beer on a Friday afternoon.  My humanity is cast aside.  Civilization is cast aside.  I can now be like the rest of the pigs.  

The Mask is born.

So I high five Don as Sera retrieves her glasses.  Poor thing notices nothing as she pulls her pants up.

"You like?", says Sera as she slides her glasses back on making her purple eyes grow owl large as she smiles at me.

"Yeah.  Thanks", I look around and see the alpha males giving me their silent, boozy blessings.  Motherfuckers...I'd kill you all if I was armed.  Suddenly I feel shame as I stand before Sera whose eyes search my face for approval.    

"Are you hungry?", I ask her and meet her luminous purple eyes that light up for a second.  The Mask melts off my face and I relived to see how easy it is to slip on and off.  "Lets get out of here.  The food and company here stinks."

"Really?  Ok", says Sera looking around confused.  I grab her hand which she clasps and lead her out of this foul place.

"Is there any Mexican food around here?", I ask her.

"There's a Taco Bell across the street."

Man, I hate this fucking town.            , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3892n9/birth_of_the_mask/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-04 00:16:07, # COMMENTS: 63, SCORE: 91
TITLE: Kym Breaks Stuff, POST BODY: Hazy rays of fog filtered sunshine pierce the curtains and cast their burning radiance upon me.  Groaning, I squirm away and burrow deeper beneath the couch cushions.  Ugh.  I feel wrong.  Like my brain has been pounded deep into my guts wrong.  A metallic, pulsating version of reality slam fucks my equilibrium as I struggle to sit up and remember why I was hiding under the couch cushions?  I look at the curtains.  Someone has burned a smiley face pattern through the cloth.  I stare at the grinning face for a moment.  It tells me nothing.

I try to get out of the couch and realize I'm wounded.  The wobbling skull sensation might have something to do with my swollen face.  Snot, blood or maybe both trickle from my nose and when I wipe it I almost scream as it makes a horrific crunchy, grinding noise.  Broken?  Perhaps.  

I vomit.  Hard alcohol mixed with gastric acid and Mexican food splashes across the carpet which appears to be...burnt?  Wow.  A black oval of ash and melted carpet fiber is a curious thing to see scorched into your living room floor.  Oh and blood.  I see splashes of blood on the table mixed with either cocaine or heroin.  I will enjoy that if I can make it over there.  It certainly would not be the first time I snorted blood stained smack.

I see some chunks of the wall on the couch.  Probably from all the new holes that were caused by either foot, fist or...bottles?  As my boots hit the ground and I try to stand, I crush broken glass.  A swooning wave of delirium passes over me and I drop back to the couch.  Ugh.  But yeah, probably beer bottles made all the new holes.  Looking around I can't help but notice the place is totally trashed.  The smashed hallway mirror we look into to check our nostrils for drug powder before we go out sits besides me in little pieces.  

Someone went berserk.  

Jason strolls out of the hallway smoking a cigarette.  He studies me and then grunts.

"Fuck dude.  Your face is...", he chuckles and shakes his head, "It's pretty bad man."

He picks up the frame of the hallway mirror and tosses it into the corner. 

"Jase...", my voice sounds funny.  Thick.  Like swollen nose full of bloody snot thick.  A VERY bad feeling seeps into my heart.  So bad it actually pushes physical pain away.  

Kym.  

"Where's Kym?"

"She left man.  Kym's gone."

Jason takes out two oxycodone 30 mg pills, hands me one and pops one himself.  He finds a beer bottle without cigarette butts inside, swigs it and solemnly hands it to me.  I chew the pill and feel my swollen jaw and a loose or cracked tooth.  The warm flat beer almost makes me puke again but it tastes a whole lot better than the blood I had been swallowing all night.  Or all morning.

Fuck.  Kym was crying wasn't she?  Rage is normal.  But crying?  It starts coming back to me in pieces.  Just like mirror shards on the couch casting cracked reflections of my face.  

Actually, I can vividly recall her throwing that mirror at me...She ripped it off the wall while howling CHEATING MOTHERFUCKER! and whipped it across the room like a huge, whirling ninja star.    

"Water", I croak.  I look at Jason and realize I am doing this with one eye.

Jason gets me a glass of water and even puts ice in it.  He is a good friend.  Then he fills me in on the black, blurry bits of my memory.

"She was clubbing you like a fucking baby seal!  You were nodding!  You couldn't even defend yourself...Man!  It was brutal."

I vaguely remembered that part.  

After I shot my goodnight dose I wanted to watch an X-Files episode Jason taped for me because I had lecture hall and missed it.  But I was too high to figure out the new VCR he had 'acquired' and ended up watching hicks on cable TV lassoing cows.  

Then Kym appeared in her underwear, wearing my Alice Cooper t-shirt and gripping a St. Ides 40 oz bottle.  I remember thinking Wow, this is going to hurt...But I have no idea WHY anything transpired the way it did.

"She was screaming you fucked Tara," filled in Jason.

"What?  Tara..?"

"Yeah from the Temple of Fuck.  What's her porn name?" Jason pondered while rubbing his forehead.  Then he snaps his fingers.  "Oh yeah!  Madame Fist!  You know!  The redhead with fake titties."

"Oh."  And then it dawns on me.  "Oh!  Oh...shit!"

Kym spent last weekend with her sister Iona.  While she was gone Jason brought back some musicians from a Warfield show.  Our friend Rondo and his girlfriend Cammy make fetish porn films and they were over partying with the band.  A lot of coke was snorted off a lot of body parts.  The nude drummer was giving horsey rides to porn stars.  People were getting handcuffed to a chair for double team lap dances.  Many bottles were shoved up many orifices.  

And to make it 100 times more bizarre - I was on 3 hits of Ari's homemade acid.

I vaguely remember getting hounded by one of the Temple of Fuck's performers.  Tara was into me but I thought nothing of it.  In fact I thought very little of anything that night.  My brain was prisoner to the LSD visuals of Dante's 2nd Circle reenacted in my apartment.  When I hid in my room she followed, got naked and got disappointed.  

I saw 3-D comic book landscapes bulge out from the walls.  Tiny cartoon people living tiny cartoon lives.  Kym's box fan was on and the humming white noise roar created a rainforest waterfall surrounded by lush ferns that fell from the ceiling.  An Amazon creek flowed over my desk from the glow of Jason's Macintosh Performa I used to type papers.  And tiny dinosaurs were cruising around everywhere.    

I have no idea what Tara did.  I just remember being vaguely repulsed.  Beneath her mini skirt and tube top I saw a spray-tanned, freckly girl with huge fake breasts.  But she kept morphing into a lecherous, wooden nymph.  Like the mast of a pirate ship.  When I refused her massage she solidified into a sulking, ancient Greek statue.  Her breast implants were freaky water balloon alien parasites...and then Tara passed out on our futon.    

I felt guilty the next day.  Though nothing happened a porn star named Madame Fist slept on the futon I share with my woman.  All the LSD drenched sci-fi imagery and micro dinosaurs hiding in the furniture guarded my honor.  Plus I was fully dressed the whole time.  I didn't even take off my boots because I had hidden rent cash and packets of heroin inside.    

"THIS!", screeched Kym holding up a cheesy little yin yang earring.  "I found THIS under OUR futon!  And I KNEW I smelled that fucking bitch in our bed!  I thought it was some cheap magazine perfume ad but it was a FUCKING WHORE!"

"Oh yeah", remembered Jason.  "I totally forgot Tara was in your room.  No offense but wow!  That looks really, really bad.  You should never have let that happen.  Especially if you didn't fuck her!  Man she would have been all acrobatic on your junk dude!  But she is Madame Fist.  Respect.  You gotta watch her when she creeps up behind you..."

"I didn't want her in my room Jason!  You know I was dosed out of my fucking mind!"

"Yeah...that was a fucking crazy night eh?  Remember when the drummer made them form a human pyramid and...", Jason caught my glare.  "Yeah but maybe not as crazy as last night...dude you should wipe up some of the blood.  You look like a ghoul.  Kym fucked your shit up."

I remember thinking how in the movies a bottle would break when smashed over the actor's head.  But when Kym started smacking the shit out of me with the St. Ides bottle it did not break.  It made this hollow thumping coconut sound as it bounced off my face and skull.  Later I heard things breaking, glass shattering but I didn't see anything because I was fetal under the couch cushions.

"So what happened?"

"I don't know," shrugged Jason, "I hid in my room."

"Really?"

"Dude she was screeching like a fucking animal!  Yelling crazy foreign demonic shit!  So yeah!  I locked my door!  Well...until I smelled the smoke."

"Smoke?"

"Uh huh!  She put all your pictures and letters on the floor, sprayed lighter fluid and lit it on fire.  I was afraid she was going to light you on fire so I yelled and threw beer on her bonfire.  But she started chucking beer bottles at me so I ran back to my room.  Dude!  Kym does not throw like a girl."

"Yeah she played softball in high school."

"I fucking believe that shit."

And time passed.  I called Kym's sister Iona who told me nothing.  Just patient deflections.  I called Kym's parent's house and her mom truly knew nothing.  Everyone was cold to me.  They never liked me but they acknowledged I was there when Kym would tote me around for lunches or birthday parties.  Now it was like Nope.  Not here.  Bye!

I tried to disappear into school as the semester was ending and I had to study but my psyche was frozen on Kym.  As the seasons changed the night sky seemed darker and the evenings so much colder without her pressed against me.  The bathroom no longer smelled of flowers, perfume, bubblegum or makeup.  I would wake up clutching her pillow because I could still smell her hair on it.  Our apartment grew bachelor gross as I realized Kym must have been cleaning it because Jason and I certainly were not.  

When my phone calls went unanswered and I grew tired of leaving messages, I started using pay phones.  Different ones because each new phone number usually elicited a human answer.  But never Kym.  Her family grew weary of me.  A month of steady, pathetic calls.  

"You're a nice guy...my advice is to move on.  And please...stop calling ok?", said Iona.

I was sitting inside a phone booth and smoking a cigarette as night traffic crawled by.  I was lost and reckless.  The semester had slipped by and I never bothered to take my finals.  My academic adviser stood up for me and I promised I would change...soon.  But right now I had a loaded rig and for the third time my shot would not register.  No damn blood.  I could hear pedestrians walk by as I focused on a forearm vein.  

If they looked over they would see a tall thin man with long black hair and unfocused eyes with one arm pulled out of a black leather jacket decorated in a myriad of silver studs and spikes arranged in Milky Way star chart patterns.  He sits on his haunches in the phone booth wearing filthy, stained jeans and black combat boots.  The phone is pinned between his ear and shoulder as he wiggles a needle into his forearm.  He stares at the needle drawing the plunger up and down trying to coax life blood into the cylinder....and then the rig darkens with his pain.  He slowly pushes in the shot.

I was somewhere in the Sunset District on Taraval Street.  A new phone booth tricked Iona and she picked up.  After my salutations she tries to cut me off as this must be getting tiresome.    

"But Iona- I didn't fuck Tara!"

This was my mantra.  I have said it 1,000 times.  I say 'fuck' to Iona because I hope Kym is there listening.  But at her family house I say 'sleep'.  

"Bye," says Iona tired of my pay phone deceptions.

So I dial her parent's house.  It is a Sunday night at 6:30pm and her brother answers.  Not the most pleasant guy.

"Khadja is dead to you!  Don't you get it man?", barks Malek.

"Alright.  Sorry.  Just please pass on to Kym that-"

"Fuck you junkie!" and click.

I wander down the street as the shot circulates through my cardiovascular system.  Ahh...the god touches my weary brow with kindness.  FUUUUCK...its so heavy.  The shot is heavy and...I see a bench and collapse on it.  I start to nod when I sense someone next to me.

"I thought that was you Vagabond", says Dev pushing my black hair out of my eyes and looking at me.

"What happened to the Lover?"

"The Lover is two.  You are only one..."

"Heh."

"Why have you stopped moving?  You were always the busy busy bee.  You and Jason both always moving."

"Just taking a break Dev."

"This is not a good spot.  A cop cruised by and he was checking us out.  Can you walk?"

"Maybe?"

"C'mon, let's catch Muni back to Mission."

And I leaned on that very tiny person and somehow got home.  How does a girl less than five feet tall, barely ninety pounds drag a 6'2, 185 lbs guy home?  The conundrum of the ant and the stick insect.  

When I woke up Dev was gone.  A beer bottle with an orange mum sprouting from it sat eye level with my sideways gaze across the coffee table.  A matchbook was propped up and Dev had printed a single word: Buzz.  
 
As the next semester rolled up, the cockroach finally emerged from the couch cushions.  I stopped looking for new pay phones.  My appeals were kind and the professors signed off so I was back in my classes.  I had to beg Robin for my old dish washing job but the lure of oxycodone expedited the process.  

Ahh, I was back in the University fold.  No student loan payments, free food and the comforting warm womb of academia.  I began to move on.  But something old remained.  Addiction.  I chose getting high over human companionship and pushed away all thoughts of future relationships.  I just didn't care anymore.      

One night I got off the Muni and walked alone over stained concrete while neon lights and human noise remind me that our advanced Western civilization never stops.  There is no past for us, only a future.  A pay phone rings in the night and I think of her for a moment and sigh.  But the bus moves on and so do I.  I can't help but notice my friend has tagged the back of the bus DevL.  

I walk down the street smoking a cigarette towards home and see Dev standing in a phone booth in the parking lot of Bay Mart.  The neon Bay Mart sign flashes red to purple and shimmers mystically off her silver rain poncho.  Dev looks like a tiny, frumpy star as she sips her Bay Mart Jumbo coffee and laughs into the phone.  She looks up, catches my eye and beckons me over.  

"Hey Dev!  How's it going?", I smile.  

"Good.  Hey, I'll trade you back your heart for the rest of that smoke."

I look at her.  Crazy little Dev carving and spray painting DevL on everything in the city to ward off evil.  Claims she does it to save all of us.  Like humanity.  You gotta love this insane little pixie.  

"My heart?  Well, I would be a damn fool to pass that up Dev.  Here-", I hold out my cigarette and bow respectfully as she takes it.

"Thanks Lover!," she says as a winter gust blows freezing bay winds across her rosy cheeks.  

I'm already walking away when her words sink in.

"What?  What did you say?"

She takes a drag and the burning ember illuminates her elfin face in a cherry glow as she looks up and smiles.  Then she offers the phone to me.  "It's for you."

I pick up the phone and put it to my ear.

"Hey babe."

"Hi..."

And Dev walks off into the night.      , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/38hayh/kym_breaks_stuff/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-08 14:07:57, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 88
TITLE: Saturday Highs, Lost Dads and Eternal Dreams, POST BODY: I watch Kym chase the little hissing dragon across the foil as she tilts it up expertly painting with her flame.  With insect like concentration she captures the vaporous, swirling beast in her straw.  Her face goes blank as her eyes roll up slowly and close.  She looks asleep, at peace, dreaming...but her eyelids still softly blink.  Then she opens her eyes and looks at me as she exhales sour smoke in my face.

"You see babe...?" she whispers slowly, "All my pain?  All my fear?  My curtain is lifted.  And now...there is only love."

When I see this part of my heart always breaks.  But reality is such a small player in this game.  I take the glass straw before she drops it.  

Now it is my turn.

Time passes in skipped episodes.  This is some good shit.  I gaze up at the hallway mirror Kym uses to check her face one last time before she steps out into the city.  I see us sitting on the couch at a warped angle.  One of my legs is sprawled out, I am sunk back far into the couch's embrace.  My face looks narrow, gaunt and my black hair cascades over my shoulders and mixes in with the shadows and black leather of my jacket.  One of my arms is draped over the back of the couch so Kym can pour into me.  She holds me tenderly when she is high.  One arm around my neck and draped down my chest.  Her uncombed fire engine red hair covers her face as her head rests right where my heart beats beneath my mortal flesh.  

"Babe..." she whispers.  "Love.  I love..."

And nothing.  Another wave of time washes over us.  I should have looked at the clock before we smoked.  We keep slipping into the dream world and abruptly returning to half spoken sentences.  The only constant is our bodies pressed together like children falling off the edge of twilight's dreaming.  I remember her words.  What does she love...me?  Heroin?

KNOCK!  KNOCK!

My eyes snap open.  Someone is knocking on the door.  Kym clutches me tight but I untangle myself from her embrace and open the door.  A man stands there.  A man in a suit.  My brain boots up instantly as I think, policeman in a suit?!

"Hi!" smiles the man.  

"Hello" I answer cautiously.  His face is too kind, his body too soft.  Probably not a cop.  But I am awake.

"Sorry to interrupt, is James here?", asks the man.

James?  Must be a mistake I think.  I shake my head.  "No sir, you must have the wrong address.  Well, have a good day-" I say as I prepare to close the door.

"James Rusca?  This is his mailing address.  You see I'm his dad."

"No fucking way!", giggles Kym from the couch.

My brain is still floating 3 feet above me.  "You're Jason's dad?"

"Oh is he calling himself Jason?", laughs the man.  He holds out his hand to me.  "My name is Jim Rusca."

I shake the hand.

"So is he here?", asks the man again.

"No.  He went out."

"Ah.  Well can you give him this?", the man hands me a green envelope.  "Tell him I'm in town.  I would love to have dinner with him.  You guys too."  

The smile Jim Rusca flashes is so fucking Jason it stuns me for a second...  

"Uh ok Mr. Rusca!  I'll pass this along."

I close the door and look at the card.  'Happy Birthday James!' is scrawled on one side.

"Should we open it?", she asks with her eyes glinting mischievously.  

"No."

"He open's your mail.  He reads it to you!"

"Yeah but this is from his dad.  Jase has never ever mentioned his dad.  This is something weird.  I'm not gonna touch it."

"Hmph!", huffs Kym.  But then she wraps her long, slender arms around me and I can feel her silver bracelets scraping against the back of my neck.  "Te amo mucho", she breathes into my ear.

I smile and say, "Te amo hermosa."

The lady we buy Mexican food from down the street teaches us both romantic Spanish.  Its a game the three of us play.

"Mmmm", murmurs Kym.  I can feel her getting wound up as writhes her long sinuous body beneath me.  "Bsame..."

And I do.  How can I not?

"Te quiero con toda mi alma", I say sincerely.  I have totally been practicing that one.  Learned it two days ago getting carne asada soft tacos.

"Oh?", says Kym propping herself up on one elbow to study me.  "What does 'alma' mean?"

"Soul."

Her eyes widen a bit as she gives a little gasp before her lips melt into her predatory feline smile.  "You are totally getting laid", she says arching her eyebrows at me.

Two hours later Kym showers while blasting DJ Quik.  It's a Saturday afternoon and we move with the speed of young people who have all the time in the world.  I am rolling a joint to Sweet Black Pussy when Jason bounces in through the front door.

"Do I have good timing or what!", he leaps onto the couch and throws his arm around me.  "Whatcha cooking chief?"

We pass it back and forth and Kym comes out of the shower to join us in her peacock green robe sporting an orange towel turban. 

"Oh by the way JUNIOR" says Kym wincing from her last hit, "You got mail son."  

She uses her painted purple toenail to point at the card.  Jason picks it up and shakes his head.

"James was here?", he asks while staring at the card like it was dog shit.  "I knew I should have never written him when mom got sick.  But at least he paid her bills.  That's his way.  Money solves everything."

I don't say anything but Jason has often uttered this phrase too.  He looks at the card but doesn't open it.  I look at Kym who says Hmm? silently at me with her face.  We just wanted to mess with him a little.  But...  

"Fuck this!", Jason explodes as he punches the table hard enough to split the skin across his knuckles.  He breathes fiercely through his nose like a young, angry bull.  Then he gets up, drops the card on the floor and walks out the door.  The door slams shut sucking all of Jason's violence outside.  

"Damn", chokes Kym finishing the joint, "You better go after him."

"Really?  Ok..."  

Outside the sun drops through the gaps created by crumbling clouds.  Deep pools of blue sky pour down upon the Mission.  It's Saturday which means the vendors are out with balloons, flowers and fresh churros.  All the stores here are Spanish but no one looks at me twice.  This is a diverse city.  Two blocks in any direction changes everything.  Go west and enter the domain of hippies and homosexuals.  Go east to Potrero and pass through middle class neighborhoods to biker hangouts.  Go north through the Tenderloin to the worst parts of the city but keep going and suddenly everything turns Chinese.  

I spot Santino sweeping out in front his tiny shop.  Here is where you go in the daytime to buy phone cards and tax free cigarettes.  At night they have card games.  But you wouldn't want to be here at night.

"Buenos das, Santino. Cmo ests?", I say munching my churro.

Santino grunts and corrects me in English, "Good afternoon."  

Oh yeah.  The morning slipped by in a drugged out stupor.  I grin and say "Si, Buenos tardes!"  

The roommates and I all have a terrible command on the Spanish language but we try.  Sometimes you have to speak Spanish to be heard or buy things in the Mission.  Plus most of our neighbors just seem to like us better when we try.  

"Did you see Jason?"

"Yesss", he intones lazily as if in deep thought.  "Mmm?  Maybe 5 minutes ago?  That way" Santino points towards Dolores park.  

I thank him and walk past the laundromats, check cashing stores and turn on the corner that has the clothing store where a old lady sews Kym beautiful dresses.  Mexican folk and my woman sure enjoy dressing up for any occasion.  Everyone I pass on the streets today is neatly groomed in their fine clothing.  Even the kids and street vendors.  They all nod and greet me with dignity though I look like a filthy, unwashed punk stoner.  I love the Mission.

Dolores Park.  A grassy oasis materialized in the middle of the city.  Lots of soccer games and barbecues today. Families from the Mission and Twin Peaks fill the open spaces for today is a beautiful day in the Bay.  I pass the kiddie park and soccer games knowing Jason wouldn't be here.  Occasionally I'll ask people, "Excuse me have you seen a guy with blue hair?  No?  Thanks."

Then a fat little Mexican kid eating a popsicle points down to where the palm trees are.  Of course.  All the degenerates get high down there in the shade.  

His arm is still out and he stares blindly at the sky nodded the fuck out.  I pull the rig out as I look around.  Mexican kids next to us dressed as gangbangers but probably just high school kids.  Three old biker hippies on the other side sipping Jim Beam and smoking a joint.  Both parties look at us with contempt.  Fucking junkies.

Unlike Kym, Jason does not lug around a kit.  He just cooks, stabs, bleeds and dreams.  So I let him bleed.  I find a beer bottle nearby and drop the needle into it.  The spoon in the dirt is gone and I leave it.  This is why Kym bitches "How come every time I want some fucking Grape Nuts there's no GODDAMN spoon?!"

I look at him and see he is actually conscious.  Just gone.  So I lean against the palm tree and smoke.  I wish I brought a book.  Or a beer.  After half an hour or so he looks at me and seems surprised to find me here.  Then he sits up and lights a cigarette.

"You know what this park needs?  A baseball diamond", says Jason staring at the activity before him.

"Yeah?"

"Yeah.  Baseball is zen.  Baseball is mellow.  It is so San Francisco it blows my mind they don't have Little League games here."

I grunt.

"How did James look?", asks Jason.  "Still a fat ass?"

"Nah.  He was normal looking.  Chubby, but you know."

"Ah.  Good.  He weighed almost 300 lbs the last time I saw him" said Jason leaning back against the palm.

"Really?"      

"Yeah.  When he quit mom, me and booze he found Jesus.  Jesus gave him peace, a new wife, new kids and a big fat ass."

I stare at the families below.  Man, what a different door to a different life.  Chasing after toddlers over the grass, teaching a kid to ride a bike.  

"My dad was my Little League coach.  Yeah I was one of those kids.  I was the ace pitcher.  How many left handed pitchers are there?  I fucked shit up based purely on averages.  And my dad was the man.  Everyone looked up to him", smiles Jason.  "You know what he does?"

I shake my head.

"He's a child psychologist."

I laugh.  That pretty much explains a lot of shit.  Jason ignores me and goes on.

"And my mom was a school teacher.  5th grade."

"Whaaaat...?!", I sit up.  Jason's mom is a hardcore drug addict that lives with her biker boyfriends somewhere in the Dogpatch.

"Yeah.  Mom's problem is hypocrisy.  She never wants to be a hypocrite.  She thinks truth is so fucking important.  Poor mom.  When I learned that was the basis of her stupid hippie beliefs I exploited the fuck out of it..." sighs Jason.  "Man, I am a terrible person right?"

"No.  You're just you.  You don't pretend to give a shit unless you have to.  You don't pretend to care unless you can profit from it", I tell him honestly.

"Whoa..that's harsh!"

"Why?  I didn't say you don't care.  At least the shit you care about are the important things in life.  Fuck the rest."

"Thanks dude."

"No problem.  You hungry?  Kym's at Holly's waiting for us."

"Alright.  Let's smoke this bowl first..."

The weekend Muni is a slug but Kym operates in slow motion on her days off.  Especially when she's high.  She is leaning on the hood of her Acura enjoying the rare sunny day as we walk across the street towards her.

"Whats up bitches?", she says through her dark, wrap around sun glasses.  She flicks a lipstick stained cigarette butt into the garbage and I wonder if it will burn down the city but she is already moving inside so I follow.

We get a table outside and all hide behind dark glasses like cave creatures dragged up to the light.  The sun lets us take off our jackets for a change and man, we are a pale bunch.  Kym and Jason both sport bruised puncture marks on their arms.  Kym has a few more than last time but if we wore shorts you would see my legs are not exactly pretty.  They just care less about hiding it.  

Our appetites are huge as bagels, eggs, tomatoes, cream cheese, salmon and sausage is wolfed down with cups of coffee and orange juice.  We sit back, stare at the skyscrapers and traffic while smoking and talking about nothing.  Then Kym open's her bag, pulls out the card and tosses it to Jason who makes no move to open it.

"Yeah?" he says staring her through his sunglasses.

Kym stares back.  "Open it."

"Why?"

"I want to see what's inside...Junior", she says taking a drag and then putting it out in my leftover eggs.  

Jason shrugs grabs a knife from the table and slits it open.  A card falls out with three $100 bills.

"Brunch is on me friends", says Jason opening the card.  

He looks at it for a moment and laughs.  He tosses it to Kym and I lean in to look.  A store bought card with a picture of cake that says Happy Birthday.  At the bottom it's signed simply 'Dad'.  A yellow office sticky note is on the card.  It says Happy 23 son!  Palace Hotel RM#3953 until Tuesday.  Call me.

"Fuck", muses Jason lighting another cigarette as the waitress brings more coffee.  
She sees the cash and professionally asks, "Anything else sir?"   

"Yeah.  Three Irish coffees and I would love some cake.  What do you have today?"

"Well we have the chef's chocolate bliss cake, our famous carrot cake and of course coffee cake."

"Chocolate bliss please", says Jason.  The waitress smiles and moves to Kym.

"Ma'am?", she asks.

"Fuck", belches Kym, "Oops excuse me.  That sounds really good but I'm so full."

"I'll split it with you", offers Jason.  "Extra plate please."

"And you sir?" she asks me.

"Oh I am good thanks", I smile.  

The waitress takes some dishes and leaves.  Jason picks up the card again.

"When was your birthday?", I ask.

"Last Tuesday."

"Aww you should have said something Jase!", says Kym throwing her arm around him.  He smiles in the sunshine.  A real smile for a change.  

"Ahh not a big deal. Birthdays after 21?  Who cares!  Plus, I did get this wonderful card" he says holding it up.

"You're 23?", asks Kym as the cake and coffee is brought out.  The whiskey and dark roasted coffee scents blend together perfectly as Saturday in the city rolls out dreamily in front of us.

"No.  He's close.  I'm actually 22" says Jason sipping the Irish coffee.  "Also that's not his handwriting.  I'm surprised James came up to the door and not his assistant."

"Oh fuck him Jason.  I got a jerk dad too" says Kym lighting a cigarette.  She takes a couple of drags and then shoves the filter into Jason's cake.

"Happy belated birthday Jason!", she smiles and kisses his cheek.

"Yeah happy birthday Jase!", I say toasting him with my whiskey coffee.

A gust sweeps through the street as Jason takes a drag from Kym's lipstick stained cigarette while she starts wolfing down his cake.  I catch a napkin before it flies away but the wind snatches the card and sends it tumbling and forgotten down the street.    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/392b3o/saturday_highs_lost_dads_and_eternal_dreams/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-10 00:31:02, # COMMENTS: 28, SCORE: 63
TITLE: Pages From The Temple Of Greed: A New Beginning, POST BODY: Circa 1998.  

I was tired of temp jobs through the temp agency.  My current assignment made me wear a badge with a giant blue T on it.  

TEMPORARY.

TEMPORARY soul?

TEMPORARY human?

I was sick of it.  I bitched to Mycroft the fish every night.

"...the badge didn't work!  I swiped it over and over until security scanned it.  I was "no longer retained."  After two fucking weeks they don't even have the balls to tell me!  Just cancelled the badge!  What the fuck Mycroft?"

Now a man that rants to a fish every night is not much of a man.  So I was looking to better my lot in life.  After work, I taught myself Perl.  I had plenty of time.  Sera had actually found a boyfriend.  His name was Donald and he was a little guy with a butt chin.  Sincere, serious and a gentleman.  I approved just to get Sera out of my gravity.  She needed to move on.  Life was changing.

For one thing, I was off the poppy.  

Three months clean.  But like an old lover whispering in my ear I thought a lot about temptation.  I dreamed of bags I found and woke up so fucking happy.  The withdrawal fever dreams would have people from my past.  Once I woke up and Dev was staring at me from the hall.  Gave me the goddamn willies.  I turned on every fucking light before I passed out again.  But the using dreams...tasting the vinegar smoke or feeling it swirl through my veins like a poisonous vine made me yearn cosmically.

I stopped binge drinking.  I'm not a prude and have too much Irish and German blood to turn my back on good lager but no more black out nights.  No more weed or any recreational drugs.  I even cut back on cigarettes.  Down to maybe 2 or 3 a day.  Not bad.  I ride my bike everywhere, jog and started swimming and working out again.  My body enjoys the change.  I grew accustomed to feeling healthy and hungry rather than feeling high and numb.

I had time to reevaluate my skills.  The temp agency had tons of books on programming languages.  I learned.

Sera still came over and we still did things but no more screwing.  I listened to how awesome Donald was and even went out with them a couple times.  But Donald hates me.  He knows where my penis has been.  It's a male territorial thing.  I  stepped aside whenever possible.  But what a shame.  When I was a dopefiend Sera was a great lover.  But during withdrawals she was like a punching bag for my penis.  Forgive me gentle readers!  But when a male stops using heart stopping amounts of opiates and rehabilitates himself to the sober life his libido comes ROARING back.  

Plus I already felt a deep sense of guilt for manipulating her for painkillers.  With my coaching we boosted her hydrocodone 7.5 mg to oxycodone 15 mg with morphine pills.  Last time at her place I casually checked her medicine cabinets and found them bare.  Sera is a hoarder that saves every damn yogurt container she has ever eaten so no way she tossed the pills.  Unfortunately, the clever girl read up on opiate dependency after I OD'd on her.

So this is me.  Healthy, salad eating guy evaluating 401K plans VS CDs.  Not fucking, not using and not holding back some crazy wild eyed chick waving a knife at a bouncer.  

But alas.  A life without my friends Chaos and Vice is alien to me.  I could feel the cold wind blowing from the mountain top where the Monsters lived.  They told me I was not ready to be good.  They could see me peeking through my Mask like an animal in a zoo yearning for the wild...  

It began with a woman.  A foul mouthed, 40 something, sleepy eyed lesbian from Costa Rica.  She followed me from my last assignment and confronted me on the train.

"You hate this fucking shit right?", she said pointing at my badge which I shamefully wore in a public place.  

Jesus.  I take the damn thing off and stick it in my pocket.  No wonder I'm single.

"Excuse me?" I ask.  I vaguely remember her from my last job.  She was doing a sales presentation.  But I am a temp paid to make internal FTP sites.  Not invited to meetings.

"I am Rosie.  Call me.  Let's make a million dollars baby" and she handed me a card that said Rosalinda A. Suero, Director of International Content, CompanyCoCorp.

So I called.  Rosie introduced me to Bryan Steel the CEO.  Impressive name and personality to go with it.  He shouted.  He yelled.  He promised ridiculous wealth.  And the upscale Basque restaurant where we dined on seafood asked us to leave because Bryan Steel was also staggering drunk and screaming incoherently.

"Talk to Ms. Chen and lets DO this partner", growled Bryan in the parking lot as he lit up a blunt.  

I had no idea what was going on but I met Ms. Chen at the offices of CompanyCoCorp.  A HUGE Irish wolfhound lounged in her office.  It was like a small horse with a pointy head but Buster was friendly and licked me.  Someone in the lobby had built a model of the Bay Bridge with soda cans.  The conference room next door had a ping pong tournament where employees waved cash.  This was not like the offices I had temped in.

Ms. Chen was the Director of HR.  She reviewed my application.  

"Says felony", she pointed out.  

Wow.  I signed a consent form enabling a background check.  They actually did one?  Maybe it was her cool owl glasses or maybe I was afraid it already said what I was convicted of complete with my mug shot...but I talked.

"I was seeing this woman and uh, well you see...she hated this other woman who was a porn star.  Yeah.  And well, she stole her car right?  I didn't know that part.  But I was in the car when the cops pulled us over."

I left out the part about jail, the drugs and the fact I was driving the stolen car oh and the failed the field sobriety test...Shit!  Why did I say porn star?  Fool!  

"I see.  That it?" asks Ms. Chen blankly.

"Yes."

"Ok.  Pleasure to meet you.  You start at $32.50 an hour.  Not negotiable.  This is your benefits package.  Review and sign.  You get 4% total company stocks.  You start tomorrow.  Questions?"

I was floored.  That was more than my temp gigs.  And did she mishear the part about vehicle theft?

I showed up the next day to the Chaos.  

The girl in the lobby was chatting with someone online and shrugged when I asked where to go.  She seemed amused at my appearance.  I was in my standard office disguise.  White dress shirt, tie, suit jacket, dress pants and shoes.  I wandered towards the back unescorted when I saw Rosie.  She wore a black leather trench coat and some sort of futuristic Gothic page boy ensemble.  Her eyes were hidden behind sunglasses a blind man might wear.  She looked like a tan Yoko Ono.  She clutched a cup of coffee and I noticed she had the shakes.  

Could this be the Vice?

"Good!  You're here.  Early.  Nice.  Follow" and she marched off.  

I followed her past arcade video games, espresso machines and bean bags.  Most of the people milling around were under 30.  She pointed at a empty cubicle with three desks, three computers, a fridge and couch.

"Your new home.  Relax.  Give me a minute."

I watched her stumble away.  I had quite a setup.  Plus a view of the parking lot.  I adjusted my chair and fired up my computers.  A Windows NT server, a laptop and a Unix box.  Then I heard my neighbor make innocuous sniffing sounds.  Allergies?  But then she follows with the deep, purging snorts.

Ah.  This is definitely the Vice part.

I can sense it.  The buzz in the air is electrified by actual enthusiasm.  This place wasn't filled with career losers parked in middle management cubicles waiting to die.  This will be a haven of immature decisions, recklessness and substance abuse.  I listen as Rosie snorts another line...

Then she appears.  Sunglasses gone, face lit up.  Wow.

"Ok!  Let me show you Ben!  Ben will be your team lead!  Listen and learn.  BEN!", she suddenly yelled causing me to jump.

A man who no longer cared about personal appearance came over sipping a MIT mug of coffee.  He wore sweat shorts, a San Jose Sharks sweatshirt and Birkenstock sandals with socks.  Thick glasses peered at me behind a scraggly beard that made him look like he was part of a Civil War reenactment.  

"Hey", he held up his coffee mug.  Slight Canadian accent.  "So you're the new guy?  What do you know?"

We bounced programming languages, my grasp on HTTPS.  Rosie's eyes glazed over and she excused herself.  I heard more SNORT!  Ben was deep.  He knew the machines and helped me set up programs and shells I would need to operate.

"But Ben, what are we doing?  What is the actual product?"

And I learned about a new economy.  Bryan Steel convinced old men to give him millions of dollars.  Bryan and Rosie sell a nonexistent product called Global Answer.  The USA and Europe get the internet but there is a lot of dark spots in the network.  Global Answer will link all via international search engines.

"Hokey eh?", smiles Ben.

I shrug.

"Bryan and Rosie are selling an idea.  All we need to do is build a half assed search platform that spit out Chinese or Swahili when needed.  The carrot they dangle is someone will do this someday and make bank.  So why not you?"

"Don't count yet Ben my darling", laughs Rosie in her hypnotic South American accent.  "Is he ready Ben?"

Ben nods.  "Got a solid Unix background.  Huge.  I'll get him on Linux and-.

"Good!  Lets go for a drive", interrupts Rosie.  

In her green Land Rover we race through the mini mall sprawl city of Sunnyvale.  She flares her nostrils in the mirror checking for powder.  Rosie has a terrible habit of looking at you as she talks.  Polite but insane as her Land Rover slides across three lanes of congested traffic.

"You cool?", she asks as we barrel towards god knows where.

I am sure Ms. Chen told her about my felony.  Just not sure the extent so I shrug.

"Weed?"

"Weed!", laughs Rosie.  

I have no idea what to say so I smile and stare forward.

"Are you cooool?!", she says again and taps her nose and winks.

"No.  Well, I mean I get it.  But I don't use."

"How about meth?  Makes coke look like...how you say?  Small boy dick!", she says in her thick accent thrusting her hips and laughing.  "Sorry I don't know that in English!"

Oh boy.

She drives me all the way across the Bay Bridge into Berkeley averaging 90 mph.

"Wait please", she gets out of her car and goes into a tanning salon that advertises in Spanish.

And I wait.  After 30 minutes I wonder.  When an hour rolls by I get out and walk up to the salon.  Door's open but dark inside.  Some magazines and a waterfall fountain gurgle in an empty lobby.

"Hello!", I yell.

A short lady come out and clucks in rapid fire Spanish.

"Rosie here?", I ask.

And Rosie appears wobbling and smiling.  We go outside and the lady slams the door and locks it.

"Sorry", says Rosie.  "You drive.  Lets eat.  Do you know any Chinese places?"

"Sure" and I shoot back across the bridge and I'm driving around my old hood with my new boss.  A fucked up Costa Rican lesbian twice my age.  Ah life you crazy fucking bitch.

I hope her Range Rover will be safe parked on this street.  This is one of those SF spots where daytime is OK but nights are nuts.  I walk her past the playground which intersects the street and we enter the alley to the the Hang Ah Tea Room door.

"You know your way around the city hmm?", she asks.  "I love the city!  My partner and I will move here soon.  Suburbs are too nosy nosy..."

"I used to live here.  To be honest this is the first time I've been back in years.  It's kinda weird.  Never thought I'd move back to the bay."

"Hmm...", says Rosie looking into my eyes.  "Young thinkings?  I mean young thoughts?  Girl?"

I look at Rosie's face for rancor or sarcasm but it's honest and open.  South American people sure are friendly.  I am not a people person and social cues are hard for me to read but I think she is being pure.  Her lazy eye is charming when she is high and I can't help but notice how tiny her pupils are.  

My usual work conversations stray far from personal affairs.  It was all plastic shit like How was your weekend Bob?  Good!  Great!  

But my new boss did a background check and snorts drugs in her cubicle.

"I had some stuff happen", I reply warily.  "Yeah.  There was a girl."

"Isn't there always?", she smiles mischievously.

The waitress brings us our first round of dim sum.  We mix the vinegar, fried chili peppers and soy sauce for the shrimp dumplings and drink Tsingtao beer.  

"You have a future with us", says Rosie stripping a rooster foot of it's flesh with her teeth and pointing chopsticks at me, "Forget the past.  I know it's hard...I have some past too.  I have a restraining order against Jennifer Dowling.  If you see that name on mail or email or anywhere tell me!"

"Uh ok."

Mandarin dim sum dishes arrive in waves and we eat and drink.  I have done nothing on my first day but follow Rosie to a salon and eat.  

Curious.  I have to ask.

"So what did you score?"

She gives me a lazy still high look and smiles.  "My friend did not have what she promised.  So she gave me...something else.  Not meth."

"Coke?"

"No."

"Heroin?"

Rosie nods.  "You know this one yes?"

She senses my turmoil and grabs my hand.  "It's ok!  My privacy is your privacy hmm?  Secrets are like friends hmm?  Keep them inside...Sorry.  My English!"

I smile.

"You want it?", she tosses me a bag of chunk tar.  My heart rate increases.  "I snorted some.  No thanks!  Not my type of tea."

"Cup."

"What?"

"Never mind.  You don't want it?"  I pick it up delicately by the corner like a rare and beautiful dead butterfly by the wing.

"No.  I wanted meth.  Keep it or throw away."

Throw away?  I am forcing myself to act casual as I place it in my pocket.   Feeling it there...the small bag resting on my thigh like some coiled up baby dragon in an egg...Fuck.  I SHOULD throw it away.  3 months sober!  Fuck!  Just like a dream where I find a bag...A tiny match head sized chunk on foil could delete a lot of pain.  My mind is locked.  Good bye.

But this time I will go in carefully.  Yeah careful.  I swear no more needles.  Only get high after work.  Just a pinch.  And after this bag...no more.  I am strong.  A little won't kill me.  I deserve this.

Fuck.

Rosie observes my turmoil.  

"Hey we will work hard and get rich.  Trust Bryan and I.  We have deals.  If drugs help us work harder, Good!  As long as you work who cares?  But keep this between us hmmm?  Everyone smokes pot but some things are better in the shade."

I look up at her absentmindedly tracing my fingers over the bag in my pocket.  

"And you're telling me this because you looked at my background check?"    

"Of course!", Rosie answers.  "Tell you what.  You help me with my secrets and I help yours.  My girlfriend knows nobody good.  I know nobody good.  We want pot, coke, ecstasy, meth and k-pins or valiums.  Well?"

I laugh and shake my head.  "Rosie I have no idea.  Maybe weed?  But the other stuff?" I hold my empty hands out.

"Weed is a start", she smiles sipping her tea., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/399gnn/pages_from_the_temple_of_greed_a_new_beginning/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-12 02:02:17, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 62
TITLE: The Power of Heaven, POST BODY: Kym's manager is on vacation which means shes in charge of the cafe at the Ferry Building.  Jason and I ride BART to meet her.  We have half an hour to kill and sit outside in the bay wind with the wandering tourists and screaming gulls.  I sprawl out on the bench and sip a bagged bottle of beer while Jason perches on the back rest above me, smoking and reading mail.  


My city revels in it's architectural glory from this spot.  The bench gives us commanding views of the Bay Bridge spanning over a bumpy, jade sea.  As the sun sinks slowly in the west, the clock tower behind us begins to glow.  Somewhere within the arched Roman arcades of the Ferry Building's Great Nave, Kym is locking up her cafe.


I contemplate what marvels we can achieve with our prehensile thumbs and math as the first star of the evening grows visible through the fabric of the approaching night.  


"Check this out.  Dear Mr. Severson-", reads Jason.


My ears perk up because I'm Mr. fucking Severson!


"We have received your dissertation on applied mechanics for the 1997 summer internship program.  Out of 300 qualified candidates, we are pleased to inform you that your application was accepted..."


I look up at Jason and grab my letter.  Course requirements include applying for internships but I never thought Id actually qualify.  Rowan University in New JerseyHmm.  


Then Jason and I both jump as the backs of our skulls are simultaneously slapped with a resounding SMACK!


"What's up BITCHES?!", taunts Kym as she hops over the bench and plops down between us with a thud. 


I slip the letter in my jacket as she shoves Jason's legs out of her way.  She growls at me and snaps her teeth before slowly moving in for a kiss.  Her face softens and she is so beautiful in the light of our disappearing sun...I move towards her lips which are slightly parted and her eyes close gently for the kiss...but she turns her head at the last moment and I kiss air. She chuckles and I smell the freshly ground coffee mixed with her scent and lunge at her neck like a starving animal.


"Jesus! ", complains Jason as he looks around and then lights a joint.  "The Japanese tourists are staring.  You're ruining the moment!"


"Mine!", snarls Kym grabbing the joint and sucking a huge hit.  


She passes it back to Jason and kisses a lungful of ganja into me that ends with her biting my lower lip.  


Ah Kym...I want to tell you how lost I am in your deep, sea blue eyes...How your carnivorous smile at the end of a day proves how perfect the Universe is...but instead I cough.  This weed is so fucking harsh.


"Goddamn!", I choke and gag so hard my balls hurt.


Hey!  You guys hungry?  Check out the haul!", smiles Kym proudly opening up her bag.  


On Saturdays, the Great Nave of the Ferry Building is an open air farmer's market.  Anything from quail eggs and local produce to artisan cheeses and smoked venison.  At the end of the day Kym can score large amounts of gourmet food by simply handing out a cup of coffee to the right farmer.


Tonight we dine on an free range spit roasted chicken, sourdough bread, plums, minestrone soup and sodas swiped from Kym's cafe.  We watch the red glittering traffic lights sparkle and hum across the Bay Bridge.  Kym dips bread into the soup and feeds me as Jason tosses crust to the cyclone of gulls screeching for scraps.  


This is my life.  A good life.  New Jersey seems far away.  And fuck, it's New Jersey.  I look at Kym.  She holds a piece if chicken in her hand as a brave seagull hovers above her slowly flapping and descending....


"Closer...", commands Kym.  A Japanese tourist starts snapping pictures of the girl with pink hair calling seagulls from the sky.  More birds heed the call.  


The seagull's flapping wings make all the bags, tourist maps and paper trash whirl up into the air like a twister as Kym slowly coaxes birds to her and hand feeds them chicken.


"Cannibal! yells Jason, "Abomination!"


Kym, bored with her power over birds tosses the last hunk high in the air.  The sky explodes in a chaos of wings, feather and bones which rain down on us as she shrieks with delight.


On the BART ride home I show Kym the letter.  She grows silent and points her face out the window away from me.  I see her huge wrap around sunglasses reflected in the train window as we shoot through the tunnel.  Halfway home she finally looks at me.


"I think you should go.  Don't you?"


"I wanted to intern in the city.  Not New Jersey..."


"But wouldn't it be good for you?"


I nod.  Yes.  Kym turns back to the window but she also holds my hand.


Jason and I smoked H before we went to the Ferry Building.  I think Kym's been taking oxy but as we near home we are all a little antsy.  Bouncy, jiggly, nervous knees and every other sentence includes how fucking cold it is.  The anxious twitchiness is coupled with endless cigarettes.  We were supposed to meet one of Jason's connects at the BART station but after an hour Jason yells "FUCK!" and punches the black DevL tag inked above the ticket machine.  Two BART cops walk over so we leave.  Back home the cupboards are bare.  Kym scrapes our glass straw, Jason scrapes bags.  We share the meager bounty and then Jason takes off to the park.  


Two hours later I can't concentrate on my English assignment.  And poor Kym looks absolutely miserable on the couch.  This creative writing assignment drive me nuts.  Waste of time.  


I look at my letter again.  Paid internship, dorm room and three meals a day.  I cover incidental expenses but I can use my student loan for that.  


And then reality rushes in and SLAPS me.  Boy...you're a goddamn DOPEFIEND.


An addict.  Just sitting here with my ear tuned to our porch waiting for Jason's footsteps like a fucking dog waiting for his master...and what if Jase can't score?  Highly doubtful as he is incredibly resourceful when it comes to finding smack but What if...?  The thought terrifies me.  My spine aches.  I CAN'T sit still.  There is only one way out.


I stand up and grandly announce, "I am going to kick!"


Kym looks up with her hazy, lazy, sleepy, dopesick tired from working all day face and arches an eyebrow at me.  


"Really babe...?"


"Yes" I vow solemnly.  


I feel better now that I have said it.  


And then...I hear his footsteps.  Boots bouncing off the wooden stairs with the chains he wraps around his waist a-jingling...


"BOOM!", Jason cries dramatically as kicks open the door.  


He tosses a plump little bag to the couch.  Kym reaches up with one hand and snatches it out of the air.  The next bag is tossed to me and I hyperfocus on the arc as the prize sails into my open hands.  I look at Kym.


"Taper" I mutter opening the bag.


Jason and Kym are rabbit quiet when they see me use.  But I can feel their thoughts.  When I am grouchy I believe they are smug.  When I am high I think they are sad.  Am I projecting?  Do they actually care about anything other than H?  


I stop getting REALLY high.  No more nod.  My spirit no longer bounds wildly across the threshold of sanity.  The endless poppy field is beyond me.  But life is a circle.  I start my day with Kym and end my day with Kym.  I smoke a tiny ball just to push away the cold, the pain and the sadness.  Kym smokes HUGE looping Van Gogh spirals she lighter dances across foil.  And Jason...the fucker shoots dope.  


I wish I had ECP rather than tar.  Just do little bumps.  I'm dopesick but I'm sick of tar!  I ask for ECP.


"Hmm now?  What?" questions Jason who is clutching the kitchen chair so he doesn't slide off to the floor.  God, I never realized how fucking drugged out my roommates are.  I've been having a lot of one sided conversations lately.  


"I SAID can you get any powder?"


"Naw man.  Just tar.  Oregon Ed had some of that dragon pearl but he and Patty got busted creeping cars at the park.  So..."


I wait for him to finish but he doesn't go on.  I go in my room and find Kym on the futon with her arms lifted over her head, just serenely staring at the ceiling.


"Babe...come cuddle with me", she smiles all sleepy, euphoric kitten-like.


I lay down and she curls into me.  Her fingers feel like tin spikes probing my fevered flesh.  My twisted and frayed spine nerves transmit pain to my shoulders and back.  My stomach is all fucked up too.  I feel ill and Kym is talking so quietly I can't hear her.  And I don't care.  She rubs my back with ice hands.  I squirm away and sit up.  Kym stares at me with her lazy lioness grin.  She has euphoria.  I have nothing.  But then I realize Kym is waiting for a response.


"Sorry.  What?"


"Internship?  When?"


I stroke her hair and her face.  Fuck, I almost feel normal doing this.  Almost.  


"A month and a half."


"How long will you be gone babe..."


"2 months."


"Oh", her voice is small.  I sense melancholy but her pin point pupils staring at me make the pain seem dull and far, far away...


"Kym.  When you're at work do you ever use?"


"H?  No...nope.  Nopey, nopey, nope..."


What do you do?"


"Oxy and X and weed babe.  Mostly oxy!", giggles Kym.  "Oxy makes my day fuckingA OK.  Put some oxy my bullet and take a few to chew...chew, chew, chew Mr. Magoo..." and I lose Kym to giggling.


Oxy.


I have been taking these for fun.  Unlike the droopy, sedated pleasures of smack, these little pills bring a buzz to the party.  I score some from Ari and find about 50 - 60 mgs takes the edge off the H craving. 


But I go through them so fast.  As pills dwindle I try my best to make them last by breaking them up.  I start to avoid Kym before and after her work because she is so high it breaks my soul and resolve.  Fuck I am dopesick.  Holding her when she nods out is as good as it gets.  I find myself stealing her oxy when she passes out.  But it's just not enough.


By the end of the week I am going insane.  


Night class was a blur.  I have no idea what happened.  All I can think about is how miserable I am.  No H for 4 days and the oxy is almost out.  I have two 30 mgs in my pocket.  I keep clicking them together.  I laugh because these 2 little fuckers are SUPPOSED to last me three days.  No fucking way.  I can already feel the chills vibrating their way across the Earth to stab me one million times.  


These thoughts plague me as I cut through Capp Street towards Bay Mart to get smokes.  The prostitutes are already out but they ignore me.  This is a rough area and I keep my head down as I plow through like a good city dweller.  I pass shuttered storefronts and the foggy night air gives me violent shivers.  I sniffle and hate life.  


But why?  I don't have to put up with this.  I reach in my pocket.  No.  


But...I've been good.  Right?  Without another thought I grab both pills.  And the gods mock me.  Two pills slip apart in my grasp and shoot off in opposite directions.  I watch one bounce across pitted concrete and land near trash cans.  I chase it and send three cats scurrying.  The pill rests on a lump of gray cat food.  I rub off the wet meat and pop it.  The fishy taste gags me but I chew to release the chemical tang.  


But the other pill...I look around.  Stopping on Capp Street anywhere between 18th and 24th is just not a good idea.  People notice.  What is that mohawked freak doing?  I study the gutter.  The other pill could be in the dark water by the squished, dead pigeon.  I trace my fingers through the water trying to feel a pill.  Two women and a man across the street stare...so I stagger off feeling vaguely ill.


As I walk through Mission smoking cigarettes to kill the cat food taste I start laughing.  The laughter is like drowning as I sink into the hysteria my cackles turn to a crazed ROAR.  I hoot maniacally like a loon and start to choke.  Two women walking towards me quickly cross the street.  


And light fills my path.  It floods the earth and drives the moths and darkness away.   


A car blasting Eazy E trails me.  WHO'S KICKING ASS?  I look over and see Kym's red Acura slowing down.  She leans out the driver's window wearing my black 49er's beanie with wisps of her pink hair trailing out wildly behind her as she bounces along to the music.  Dev sits in the passenger seat.  Her head is tilted back, mouth hanging open as she stares blankly forward at god knows what.  Jason's in the backseat laid out from a fat shot.  He cynically flashes the Norte XIV westside gang sign.  The car stops and Kym reaches back and pops open the door.


This is not the best part of town for a car with 2 white suburban punks and a hippie chick blasting TOO MUCH POSSE!  They obviously just scored and Dev and Jase are staggered.  Kym probably had just enough to see sideways as she drives through one of the worst neighborhoods in San Francisco blasting NWA.  The dome light casts an eerie shadow in the empty seat.  Is that Jason's shadow sitting there?  An illusion?  I wish Dev was conscious so I could ask her.  Fuck it.  I get in the car with the shadow.  


Kym peels out and cranks the stereo to eardrum damaging levels.  There will be no talking.  She tosses her Lancme makeup bag at me.  Jason's studded black belt is still on the seat.  I unzip the bag and see alcohol swabs, three bags of tar and a rig with half a shot left.  Her blood is still suspended in the amber liquid.  Light from traffic illuminates her wide blue eyes in the rearview mirror.  Vampiric mascara smeared over these penetrating eyes feast on my predicament.  Well?  But she knows.  She just wants to watchI think of Jason's pet name for Kym.  The Devil's Daughter.  


Kym is like a star in deep space.  She draws you into her power, her glory and light.  But at the end of the day I chose this path.  So I wink at her and pull my arm out of my leather jacket...  


I mean for fucks sake its New Jersey    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/39jzzq/the_power_of_heaven/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-16 12:39:36, # COMMENTS: 53, SCORE: 88
TITLE: The Ice Cream War, POST BODY: Jason was growing his hair out.  At first his blond head looked like a dirty, ear-wax stained q-tip.  But then gravity set in.  His blond hair slowly morphed into a hairdo.

"Jesus!  You look like fucking Beck", said Kym.  

And The Curse was born.

"Dude you look like that loser guy."

"Did anyone ever tell you that you look like Beck?"

"Hey!  Beck!"

At first he liked it.  Then he shrugged it off.  But slowly with Kym's help The Curse grew from kinda funny to a full blown Annoyance.  I could see it in face at bars when girls he would normally try to chat up remarked upon the eerie connection after Kym "casually" dropped the reference.  He could kill it by shaving his head but Jason was stubborn.  He pretended nothing in the world could ever bother him...

It was around this time on a cold December night I swiped a 3 gallon tub of chocolate ice cream from the University cafeteria.  I took it from the freezer and walked it to the Muni stop.  Holding 3 gallons of ice cream without gloves leads to numbness.  By the time the Muni bus rolled into the Mission District my lap, balls, arms and hands were numb.  But I horsed the damn thing home.  It barely fit in the freezer after Jason yanked out all the shelves.  Luckily for us, there was no actual food in there.  

"I love you.  Have I ever told you that?", asked Jason.  I think he was talking to me but he was caressing the ice cream.  "Chocolate ice cream is one of the three reasons why I walk the earth."

"Yeah?"

"And you!  You big tall gangly freak!  You socially awkward, backwoods fucktard spawned by ignorant rednecks..." Jason grabs me and kisses my cheek, "You're lactose intolerant!  That's the BEST!  FUCKING!  PART!"

Two hours later Kym comes back from work.  She goes apeshit too.  It's the little things in life that make people happy.  And the drugs.  Apparently chocolate ice cream is great when your high.  Being allergic to dairy I wouldn't know.  A half cup of that stuff would render my bowels to liquid.  

Three gallons of ice cream is a lot.  Vince came over so we could calculate scales for our astronomy map project.  He brought ice cream cones and was enjoying one he smeared peanut butter on.  Kym was licking a double scoop she kept topping off with whip cream.  But she kept sucking the nitrous oxide and soon only liquid came out.  Jason created a thing he dubbed Angry Ice Mecha Man.  A skull sized lump of ice cream in a bowl, two cones for horns and Gobstoppers for eyes, nose and mouth.  I munched a bag of nacho flavored corn nuts.  

"Mmmm.  So much yummy ice cream", says Kym tonguing her cone.  

It's a bright day and Vince's light sensitive glasses are black which is good because he's stunned and openly staring at Kym who obviously isn't wearing a bra. Her skin tight camouflaged half shirt is cut diagonally showing a lot of skin.  Tight, low slung jeans display the gold belly chain that sways hypnotically and lures the eye to Kym's smooth skin between her belly and hips.

"Yes!  A lot!", agrees Vince shaking his head to break off the Kym trance.  "A gallon of water is more than 8 pounds.  8.33 lbs to be nearly precise.  But the uh conversion and decimals...yeah.  But ice cream has air so I'd say more like 5 lbs?"

"What?" interrupts Jason as he spits out Angry Ice Mecha Man's candy eye into a napkin to eat later.  "Three pounds lost to air?"

"Oh yes!  The influx of air in the processing displaces mass!", quips Vince who is one of the most violent, crazy motherfuckers I have ever met.  But now we see a shy Asian kid with weird glasses using stolen ice cream to teach math.  

"What about scoops?", quizzes Kym.

"Well how big is a scoop?", ponders Vince rubbing his temple.  "3 ounces?  4?  Lets say 4 for easy math.  So a gallon is 128 ounces right?  So your 3 gallons is like 384 ounces...divide by 4.  Uhm, 96 scoops!  But I highly doubt you'd get more than 86 due to waste, melting, etc."

"Damn you're Rain Man", mumbles Jason through a mouthful of dairy.

"Who's that?", asks Vince who's from Hong Kong.

"No that's math Jason.  Fucking art school dropout!"

"Fuck you Devil's Daughter!  At least I was accepted to college!  Go make me some coffee", says Jason crunching an ice cream cone and staring at her.

"Aww did I hurt your feelings Beck?", says Kym stalking over to Jason.  "We're so proud you dropped out of an expensive, useless, shit for brains art academy.  It scores a hair higher than the Creation college right?  Hey quick loser!  Hit me with the mean value theorem!"

"Oh I can", says Vince raising his hand.

"FUUUUUCK you Kym", growls Jason going back to his ice cream.

Times like this trip me out because calculus is not an everyday thing.  Kym reads Cosmopolitan, Architectural Digest and People magazine.  I am borrowing $30K to learn theorems like this and am floundering because I went to public schools.  Without Vince and the tutor club I would be dead in the water.  And Kym who as far as I know never went to college just tosses it out there to mock her roommate?  
This world...this world is not what it seems.

"You guys can throw it away", I say after a week.  Frankly I'm sick of chocolate dairy kisses and seeing Jason and Kym nodded out wearing chocolate mustaches.

"NO!" they both yell.

"It's mine!", screams Kym.

"He gave it to me!", yells Jason.  

They eye each other warily.

"Listen Beck!  You've got to stop leaving it out.  Pretty fucking simple to put it back in the freezer after you get a bowl."

"I would Ms. Satan but I spend all my time looking for bowls because YOU hide them in your room!"

"I hide them in my room because YOU never wash dishes!  If I want a fucking bowl of Captain Crunch in the morning I shouldn't have to do YOUR dishes!"

"Easy!", I say holding the vaporized black tar in my lungs before I exhale.  This brings me an easy, dreamy peace...But these two?  They get so angry they can RAGE their way past a nod just to shit on each other.  "It's just ice cream man.  Lets dump it and I'll steal another flavor ok?"

"NO!", they both yell.

"It's the principle of the thing", explains Jason.  "You must finish what you start."

"Yeah", agrees Kym. "Plus I would never throw away anything YOU gave me."

"He gave it to ME!", exclaims Jason.

"Jesus I gave it to both of you.  Relax man..."

Then something new happens.  Jason and I don't do dishes.  We might rinse off a plate or a utensil we need but never the whole sink.  

REVELATION: Apparently Kym did the dishes.  

Kym is now on strike.  Dishes pile high.  A colony of tiny winged insects has staked the filthy sink as their domain.  A new generation rises from the dairy stink every other day.

"Yo Beck!  Do the FUCKING dishes!  It's your turn!"

"Why is it my turn?" yells Jason.  "You eat cereal!  You eat ice cream!"

I think of doing the dishes just to shut them the fuck up but...Nah.  I wash dishes professionally and eat out.  But I am tired of finding Jason in our room looking for bowls or spoons.

Things got uglywhen Kym found her clean spoons stashed under Jason's mattress.  Tempers were wearing thin.  I bravely avoided them both and took most of my meals at school.  But I had to try something to bring back harmony for I was the one who brought them the chocolate ice cream of discord.  

"Look Pop Tarts!  Apple cinnamon ones!", I say coming through the front door with Melo.  And we both stop.

"My god!" I exclaim.

"Wow...", says Melo who was coming over for a bowl of ice cream.  

Kym wears a towel in her dress shielding her as she hunches over the sink wolfing down chocolate ice cream without a bowl or spoon.  She feasts from her cupped hands like a ghoul slurping up liver.  Jason crouches on the floor sucking hunks of ice cream down his throat from an old Chinese food takeout carton I think he found in the trash.  We had dim sum two nights ago.  Chocolate rivulets bleed down his face staining his Exploited t-shirt.  They both look up without shame and then go back to feeding.

"Want some?", asks Kym who's using her combat knife to hack out blocks of ice cream.

"Uhm nope.  No thanks Kym", says Melo looking at me.  Melo scavenges food from dumpsters.  Even he is disgusted by my friends.

"We'd have bowls but Beck over there is on dish strike", says Kym.

"Spoon thief!", belches Jason.

"Let us smoke this peace offering", says Melo pulling out a short, stout blunt from his jacket pocket.

Park weed has been good lately.  The Dead are not touring and like a blackhole that sucks hippies- the weed, psychedelics and unwashed masses have invaded Golden Gate Park.  Kym removes her ice cream bib and sits next to me as we smoke.  

"Ugh!  It tastes like chocolate milk after you two smoke!", I complain.

Melo takes some mushrooms and chops them up.  He makes a milkshake that everyone but me enjoys.  I just eat a couple of caps.  And then the trouble begins.  
Jason drops the joint as Kym hands it to him.

"Fuck!", he yells.

"Good one Beck!", mocks Kym.

"You know...", says Jason closing his eyes, "THAT is getting old."

A little crack in the armor.  Does she lay off?  Does she relent?

"What?  The Beck thing?  Oh.  Ok", says Kym patting his shoulder.  Then she whispers in his ear "Soy un perdedor..."

Jason rubs his face and smiles into his hands.  "Clever girl", he says.  Then he picks up the Chinese food container, sticks his finger in it and flicks it at Kym.

Melo and I are sucked into Kym's orb of silence and outrage.  She is wearing a tailored white cotton dress a Mexican lady two blocks away sewed for $45.  This loose, comfortable hand embroidered white sundress was Kym's favorite informal choice for a daytime lounge.  The splitter splatter of chocolate ice cream spray stains the pearly white cloth...

We all sense a line was just crossed.

Kym's looks at her dress.  Then her head slowly rises.  She locks the fury that burns from her blue eyes onto Jason who stares back grinning.  Uncaring and quite unconcerned.  We watch the chocolate blobs slowly spread into the delicate white cotton.

Kym stands up and walks to the kitchen.  We all watch her slow, seemingly casual stroll as we brace ourselves.  Melo is about to yell as she suddenly whirls, snatches up a glass and flings it in one smooth motion.  Jason yelps as he ducks beneath the shattering pint glass.

"Fucking crazy devil bitch!", Jason yells shaking glass from his hair.  

Melo grabs Kym as she yanks her knife from the ice cream carton.  She comes up kicking and screaming.

"Whoa!  Fucking take it easy Kym!  Jason!  What the hell?!", Melo yells.  "Over dishes?  Ice cream?  Are you all insane?!  Man fuck this!  I'm washing the dishes!"

"Yeah!", I agree, "This ice cream is killing you!  I'm throwing it away!"  I grab the container and toss it out to the curb for the rats.

We stew in our roommate shame as Melo washes our dishes.  Both Jason and Kym offers to help but he refuses.  "Sit down and be nice!" he commands.

So we sit glumly in the living room smoking cigarettes.  When he is done Jason sponsors a heavy, heavy dragon session.  Everyone nods in and out of reality.  Transgressions are forgotten as we are all slowly pulled from this world into into the poppy field.  The sky is clear blue and these fields are endless.  The visions and colors are insanely bright...As we slowly return to the apartment Kym cuts lines of MDMA and makes coffee.  

As Jason clears his nose and blinks.  "Fuck thats disgusting.  I'm just gonna eat the powder next time."

"Yeah it's a shorter high too.  I just like the rush", says Kym.  "Jase...I'm sorry I threw that glass at you."

She walks over to him and hugs him.  He looks over at me and pretends to grab her ass but we can all see he is touched.  

"Nah.  I'm a bastard and totally fucked with you.  If the dry cleaner can't get the stains out I'll get you a new dress."

"Gracias Beck", Kym smiles.

"Yeah.  About that...", says Jason running his hands through his golden locks.  "Can you shave me?  I'm over the hair."

"Ok.  What do you want?  Scalped?  Mohawk?"

"Mohawk.  I'll scalp it later."

"I have some blue dye left.  And some black.  Oh!  Blue on the bottom and black tipped?  That'd be cool!"

And there is peace.  

These wars come every few months.  At first I would try to interfere but now I let them have their fun.  Buttons are pushed, words are screamed and glass is shattered.  Life moves on and only a slight dent in the kitchen wall reminds us all of the price of love.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3a28wu/the_ice_cream_war/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-18 12:59:44, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 61
TITLE: Pages From the Temple of Greed: Grief, POST BODY: I found the antidote to addiction.  

Abstinence, tolerance breaks and control are important but what I was lacking was a cushion to fall back on.  I don't do sober.  And this great country has legally provided me the solution since I was 21 years of age...Alcohol.  

So after I smoked all the heroin my boss gave me from her meth deal gone bad, I simply switched to alcohol.  So simple.  I will now drink to stave off my cravings and the lowly behavior from my junkie side.  But I'm not going to be a cruel either.  I have half a bag of ECP and two grams of tar AT HOME.  Not at work.  I will force myself to behave for three days.  Discipline.  This is day one.  It begins at a Mexican restaurant.

"Salud!", says Sal holding up a shot glass.

"SALUD!", we shout in unison and gulp Sal's homemade tequila which he stores in mason jars.  Most of his other tequilas have been poured in margaritas for this impromptu lunch gathering of 40 or 50 of my drunk coworkers.  

There are limes and salt but I just swallow the tequila down neat, Mexican style. The first two shots made me ill.  Withdrawal is a bitch.  But the third one is winning.  I feel pleasantly buzzed and give my tequila some Dos Equis to keep the party flowing.  The key is a lot of booze...I hope.  

Mexico is playing Germany in the World Cup and seeing how our favorite restaurant Los Portales is a Mexican bar and grill we are all screaming Viva Mexico!  Some of us care about soccer but all of us enjoy slamming Dos Equis, margaritas and shots of tequila.

Our CEO was buying which meant we were clearing out Sal's liquor stock.  The last week had been brutal and I got my first taste of the fast paced , incredibly demanding work ethic placed on my engineering group.  Rosie and Bryan sold a subscription service that did not exist.  We made it exist with 12 hour work days, gallons of coffee and the unity of the hive mind.  We worked together, slept in our cubes and ate Adderall.  There were more than a few wild eyed sniffy-sniffers wandering about...I was one of them thanks to my boss.  Rosie scored coke in a dyke bar she discovered in San Jose.  And a whole industry was born in a week with everyone from Marketing guys making banners to engineers making shit up.   
And now we feast.  

This work week is spent not working.  People cruise in and out as they please.  Guys like my fellow engineer Ben seem to live here but most goof off.  However they will all come running back if the CEO calls.  Why?  Money.  

The printers are wired to show stock price.  Walking through the halls you could glance over and see your net worth.  Everyone watches their shares rise.  Fevered dreams of wealth burn in our greedy, diseased minds.  Tales of overnight millionaires poison any sober or reasonable expectations in this town.  VC money floats around like dreams of ham at the fat kid camp.  Greed is the deity in charge.  Gluttony is close behind though.

Me?  I was too late to get much stock.  But I was more impressed with the debauchery.  These are the Roman times.  Gluttony was a better vice than Greed to me.  I drank deeply from this cup.  

After a couple months I had reintroduced myself to all the drugs I quit because...I don't know.  I can blame it on pressure.  We perform miracles regularly.  Or maybe stamina?  Without the coke I would have slept through most of the site launches.  But I think the main reason I removed my pharmaceutical restrictions was because I could.  Fuck it.  

I LIKE being high.  

But sometimes in the restroom when I am cutting out another line of coke for my career...I can hear ancient whispering voices.  They creep from the well deep inside my soul where no light ever shines.  I can hear them when I ache for release.  When I yearn for the touch of the gods...

They whisper, "The Darkness comes."  

I meet up with Sera for a late night dinner at Frankie, Johnny and Luigi's restaurant.  I think she can tell I'm high.  It's 10pm and I'm wearing sunglasses while toying with my sausage rigatoni.  

"You ok?  Your not eating.  Are you using again?", she asks quietly while observing my ability to drink an entire carafe of wine by myself in ten minutes.

"A little", I admit as I signal for more wine.  I think about asking if she still has any of that oxy or morphine for her spine...but it seems in poor taste.  Maybe later.  "Work is tough so I enjoy unwinding.  Just a bit."

"I saw your boss on CNN.  Looks like you guys are doing great."

"Yeah sure.  Hey do you still get those pills?"  

Sera looks at me sadly.

Damn!  Not an expression I like to see.

"I do", she nods sipping her diet Coke.  

"Sorry...I just...Man!  Pressure.  Always building some new thing that doesn't actually exist.  You know fuck it.  How are you Sera?  How's Ronald?"

"Donald."

"Oh yeah", I take off my sunglasses and rub my face.  "Sorry.  Donald."

"We're taking a break.  He's a little too conservative for my taste."

Donald is a short, handsome butt chin man that barely hits 5'5 feet.  Next to Amazonian built Sera who stands 5'10 and enjoys wearing platform heels he must have some issues.  I giggle at "a little too conservative".  Man, I'm sloppy drunk.  And rude.  It's way too soon to ask about pills!  Fuck.  See?  Opiates show me how to be human.  What to say and do.  Coke and alcohol make me pushy and weird.  But I have always been a lovey, dovey, touchy feely drunk.  So I reach out and grab Sera's hand and look into her luminous, purple eyes.  

"Sera...He's a good guy!" I try to express earnestly but it feels off.  Forced.  "You two seem happy-" and then a tinny, annoyingly loud 8bit version of Camptown Girls explodes from my North Face vest pocket.  I take out my clamshell phone and see it's Rosie.  Shit.

"Hi Rosie", I answer.  

"Hey you fucka motha Wrrggshhhphhht!" and my phone goes dead.  I smile at Sera.

"Nice phone.  That's a fancy one!  Hey wasn't it YOU that said technology was driving a wedge in humanity?" smirks Sera.

"Maybe.  Sounds like something I'd say.  Or was that the Unabomber?"

She laughs loud in her goofy way that ends with a snort.  I love this girl.  Her purple eyes follow my face.  I feel ashamed for some reason so I put the sunglasses back on.   

"It is GOOD to see you Sera.  Yes I'm high.  Yes I have a cellphone.  Do you hate me?"

She looks at me and rolls her eyes.  "Oh puh-lease!  You KNOW I always give you a pass.  I don't know why..."

"Maybe it's this cool new phone", I smile sliding the thing across the table.  Sera doesn't have a cellphone so she looks at it. 

"It's shaking", says Sera holding it up, "Says 'coke' comma 'mj'.  What does that mean?"

Coca Cola and Michael Jordan?  Probably not.  I smile and call Rosie.  She is a phone screamer so I hold the phone away from my ear as she shrieks at me.

"I have coke.  You get marijuana!  Is your lover there?  Ask her!", screams my phone quite audibly across the table in a South American accent.  

"Hey Sera sorry...It's my boss.  She's from Costa Rica", I say like that explains Rosie.  "Do you know where to get any weed?"

And she does.  Sera has a hookup in the city.  It's a Tuesday night and Rosie pulls up as we finish coffee and dessert.  Rosie wears faded blue jeans with a matching jean jacket and her hair is combed in a butch Elvis hairdo.  

"This is Sera.  Sera this is Rosie", I introduce.  Rosie hugs Sera and kisses her cheek.  As she does this she shoots me a lecherous look like a guy approving of another guy's date.  

Before we leave I grant myself Sobriety Sanctuary!  This is day two but it is 11:30pm.  Close enough.  Oh look, I have a bullet with some heroin in it.  SNORT.  SNORT.  SNORT.  FuuuUUUUUCCK.

I sit in the passenger seat as Rosie speeds towards the city.  Sera sits in the back sober.  Poor thing.  The SMACK GOD has touched my troubled brow.  Almost three days since we last met oh my god.  Slack jawed I stare out the window.  I think Rosie says vaguely inappropriate things to Sera but the Serenity is upon me. 

Lights warp and form laser cocoons around us as we drive through a tunnel or maybe a bridge?  Who knows?  Wait!  Oh shit.  Am I on acid too?  I fucking can't remember.  But I have some at home...I am so used to being high I thought the rainbow sheen on Sera's face at dinner was normal.  But now the rainbows MAGNIFY.  Waves of translucent rainbows spin and form bubbles around us.  

Maybe it's just a flashback.   

And then there's Rosie coked out babbling nonstop about god knows what, driving with one hand and changing lanes every time she turns her head to bark at Sera.  A mirror with chopped up lines of coke sits on the island between us.

"Hold the wheel!", she commands as she grabs the mirror and hunches over with a straw.  She does a line as I steer...Whoa like a video game.  I am good at video games.  I follow the path...I can't believe I'm driving!  Wait?  Is this real?  Rosie snorts another line and then she SCREAMS and starts punching the ceiling.

"YeeeaaaaAAAAAH!"

"Like a video game", I remark to no one in particular.

"Uh are you guys ok to drive?" asks Sera from the back.  I can hear her click her seat belt.

I look at the display.  The numbers keep going up.  75, 80, 85, 90...

"Take your foot off the gas", I suggest mildly as I swerve us around a van.

Rosie grabs the wheel.  "Watch it FUCKA!", she yells.

I'm wasted and stare forward.  Little photograph mirror cubes tumble towards me.  This is the road.  Wow.  Maybe I did take that acid?

And I nod out.  Gone...I have no idea who holds the wheel as Rosie does lines.  But we get to Sera's connection.  I wake up alone.  I mix coke and heroin bumps and snort with Rosie's straw.  Neighborhood looks nice.  I stare at house with a neat garden and smoke a cigarette as another nod approaches.  Monster wings pumping over the purple horizon of stars.  She is near.  I can feel her.

And I awake to the horn HONKING.

"Why-?!", I yell sitting up.

"Relax", says Rosie smoking a joint.  We appear to be driving down a freeway.  Then she opens her window, sticks her head out and screams at a car, "FUCK YOU!  DICKLESS HORSE CUNT!"

I look back at Sera who shrugs.  English as a second language.  Then I notice Rosie is doing a line...She looks over at me from her lap and yells, "Hold the wheel!"

Are we driving to buy weed?  Or did we buy weed and we are driving back?  I let the bliss roll over me with a sigh...and I nod out.

And there she is.  Kym.  Floating impossibly high off the ground staring down at me.  Her arms and legs are spread out like a free-falling skydiver.  She wears flowing strips of orange and midnight blue cloth.  Her wrists and ankles are covered with her collection of thin silver bracelets she bought back from Saudi Arabia.  Kym's bleached blond hair wavers and swirls around her face as if she is underwater or among the stars....Her eyes widen when she locks them with mine.  

Blue eyes flashing.  Cold, gemstone fury.  

"Why?  Why did you leave me?", she demands.  

And I feel the gulf of separation.  Like a deep sea trench where the darkness is just too far, too deep and too alien to comprehend.

"I never wanted you to go away." 

"LIAR!" she SCREAMS.

"Please!  Come back!  I can't be like this!  I can't be without you..." I beg.

She shimmers and radiates as starlight paints her skin.  I stare in awe but her eyes stab me.  Pure animal rage.  Her form stretches above and looms across the purple horizon.  She locks her fingers and thumbs into a triangle shape and points it at me.  Then she opens her mouth and a terrible sound fills my ears.  Grief and suffering reduced to laser intensity.  The sobs and anguish of one thousand broken hearts...and a terrible beam of light bursts from the triangle and burns my flesh away.  

And I SCREAM.

"Wake up!  Wake up!  WAKE UP!", says someone shaking me awake, "Oh my goodness!  You're having a crazy nightmare!  You were moaning and making sad little whimpering noises!  And yelling!  Jesus I hope no one calls the cops!" 

"What..." but my high is too heavy to comprehend.  I am still not back.  I close my eyes and try to get back...but it's gone.

We got Sera's car from Frankie, Johnny and Luigi's parking lot and end up back at my place.

Sera and Rosie talk as I lay stupid and blissed out in my bed staring at the ceiling.  I can hear Donald this, Donald that.  I blink and see the Universe.  Bliss...And I can hear tiny bells tinkling from the trade winds blowing across the desert sands.

And Sera is holding me.  I look at her.  She whispers, "Your boss is creeping me out!  She keeps trying to hug me!  Can I sleep in here?  Please?"

"Sure..."

But where is here?  Behind my eyes I float across a bay of stars...Alnitak, Alnilam and Mintaka.  I trace Orion's celestial magnificence with my finger and glittering stardust falls from my hands...oh.  

My room.  Sera locks the door.   

And I think of you one last time before I pass out again.  
, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3ab6ad/pages_from_the_temple_of_greed_grief/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-22 12:55:19, # COMMENTS: 29, SCORE: 90
TITLE: A Hostile Purchase, POST BODY: Mission District, San Francisco Circa 1995

Sitting in the filth of dried gum, band stickers, cigarette butts, old flyers, dirt and all the sticky stains of the phone booth floor...I try and look casual.  This is a tough sell as only homeless people and impatient junkies sit in phone booths on misty, foggy city days.  Being the latter, I try to make myself as discreet as possible.

A cop coming by would probably stop long enough to harass me so I have my change ready to fake a call.  I also have my student ID which I hand to them while I pretend to look for my driver's license.  This is my polite way of stating, "I am a student of a prestigious University sir, and definitely not standing here trying to score bags of heroin."

Phone booths are precious real estate when the rain picks up.  Now the misty droplets are falling in shifting waves from the sky.  There are 3 other phone booths within sight of this one and all of them are being used.  Sometimes I grab the phone like I am about to use it if a person walks by.  Other times I try and look menacing.  But the best strategy is to just sit here like a scuzzball and ignore all eye contact.  

I look at my watch.  Almost 15 minutes.  C'mon man, call me back!  My mind races over the number.  Did he write it down wrong?  Did I mumble a digit?  What the fuck is taking so fucking long?  Ok, relax.  I fish around in my pockets for some matches to light the damp cigarette I stashed behind my ear.

"Excuse me?", comes a cheerful voice from above, "I need this phone ok?"

Fuck!  I look up into the smiling face of an elderly Asian woman.  

"Oh I'm almost done.  Just one more call..."

"I've been watching you.  You're not using the phone" she states.  

A no nonsense elderly lady.  The kind of lady that makes everyone wait as she argues with the bus driver over $.15 on her fare.

"Yeah but I am using it-"

"You're sitting there which is fine but I need the phone!  You can have it back when I'm done.  C'mon!  Let's go!"

I look at her in disbelief.  I'm about 6'2 with a stringy black mohawk that goes past my shoulders.  In black boots and my spiked leather jacket I usually get a pass from annoying old people. This lady, however, could give give a fuck.  But I am suffering acute opiate withdrawal.  So fuck losing that sliver of hope that the goddamn dopeman will call me back on this very fucking phone.  No way will I give it up.  

"No!  Trust me", I growl standing up.  "You do NOT want this fucking phone!"  

I try to look intimidating and she just stares me down like a yapping dog.  And she is right.  That's all I am.  But then the phone rings.  Triumphantly I grab it.

"Hello?"

"Where are you?"

"Near the Bay Mart on 24th and Valencia."

"By the church or the pizza place?"

"Pizza."

"I'm there."

And he hangs up.  I step away from the phone the lady pushes past me and starts dropping change into it.  I have lost my shelter so I stand in the cold drizzle smoking my cigarette.  Funny how terrible a cigarette tastes when you're cold, sick and desperate.  Just a little ball pushed around on foil and this could be a bright, sunny day with a delicious cigarette.  But it's not.  The wind stabs right through my leather and jeans.  I shiver in my boots trying to keep the shakes under control but I am losing my grip.

I feel like I'm in a different world as I listen to the lady softly speak Chinese behind me.  Such a hypnotic sound.  I stare into traffic too long and too hard lost in my mind.  My life lately has been like a book where I skip chapters to the part where I get high again.  Right now I am staring at the text without any comprehension.  Some faces in cars stare back.  Do they wonder about the guy on the corner looking out into the street?  I shake myself out of this mad vision and come back to the grim reality of this life. 

Caesar pulls up in his orange 70's Chevy Malibu.  I approach the car and am surprised it's just him.  Usually he has a partner so he doesn't have to touch the drugs or money.  I peer into his car and smell beer, cologne and marijuana.

"Two", he says.  

I hand him the money.  He drops the bags into my hand.  Done.  But he is staring behind me.  I look and see the old Asian lady glaring at us.  Her chin is up defiant.  Shit.  

"Thanks", I say and start to leave.

"Whoa, hold up.  Who's this fucking bitch right here?", says Caesar loudly pointing at the old woman.

"Just some old Chinese lady.  Look I'll see you-"

"HEY!  WHAT THE FUCK YOU LOOKN' AT?!"

The lady waves her hand at us like she is shooing away a cat and hisses something in Chinese at us.

Caesar laughs, reaches under his seat and pulls out a gun.  The dull black metal is so close to me I feel my stomach drop as I back away.  To my disbelief, Caesar points it at the old lady.  Jesus.  Now her eyes show fear.  She drops the phone.  I watch it dangle and swing as her mouth opens and closes.  No sound comes out.

"I suggest you run!", snarls Caesar.  But she stands there, rooted to the spot.  As she starts to shake Caesar bellows, "RUN!"

And she does.  She stumbles down 24th towards the Bay Mart.  An old lady awkwardly running is a terrible thing to see.  Caesar laughs, puts the gun back under the seat.  People are looking at us.  Some are pretending that didn't just happen.  Most people are edging away.  

"You better run too man", Caesar smiles malevolently at me, "Unless of course you want to ride with me?"

"No thanks.  I gotta go"

And I turn and walk away.  It takes every ounce of of my willpower to just walk and not run.  I can hear his car idling.  He does not drive away.  I close my eyes hoping I don't hear it or feel it.  And I just keep walking., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3aqgcs/a_hostile_purchase/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-25 01:48:20, # COMMENTS: 38, SCORE: 82
TITLE: Opening the Gate, POST BODY: Someone had placed me on my side which was wise.  Looking down I can see the bed lamp reflecting dimly in a puddle of gastric juices, Jim Beam and beer.  Discovering your vomit is always a curious thing.  More so in a unfamiliar room.  

I sit up and look around.  Someone's guest room.  Comfortable, functional, tasteful.  Family portraits on the wall, a Monet reproduction from his lilies series near the window, a made bed with cushions and a quilt.  On the table is someone's coke.  I thank the Universe for this moment and snort.  It bursts behind my right eyeball and my brain crackles to attention.  I find my jacket and walk out into the hall.

I clean myself up in a bathroom and peek in the medicine cabinet.  Nothing good.  Perhaps the owner is aware of my kind.  Maybe he is one of us.  Or maybe someone like my girlfriend beat me to the punch. 
 
A clock I pass tells me it is 3:33 in the a.m.  The Witching hour.  I hear distant human noises and follow them into a spacious living room.  My boots reverberate off the hardwood floor for this part of the house is silent.  A sharp contrast to events earlier.  Before music blasted, hundreds of drunken voices rose up in unison as a challenge to the alien night sky.  I look outside in the silent gloom.  The pool is full of beer cans, cups, lawn furniture, clothes and towels.  A fountain nymph has been knocked over and beheaded.  Trash is strewn everywhere.  From the amount of smashed wine bottles on the patio it looks like they found the cellar.  Every door and cabinet on the outdoor bar is yanked open and the contents spewed across the lawn.  An outdoor refrigerator stands wide open and is on fire.  The flickering flames make the reflection of my face orange and demonic in the window pane.  

I keep walking.  

The house was locked during the party so inside is another world.  Clean and orderly.  The smells of an unknown family.  Spices, cooking scents and lemon furniture polish.  A gas fireplace cheerfully burns.  The mantle is covered with a nautical clock collection.  An archipelago of Persian rugs over a wooden floor leads me to the theater room where I find my friends.  Dev and Jason are playing Mario Kart while Kym and Melo talk with three guys I saw earlier.  Melo looks up at and grins.

"There he is!"

"I feel...", I pause because the world blurs for a moment.  It retracts slowly and then pops back into focus.  I rub my face.  "I feel weird."

"Yeah you got knocked out", said Jason leaning into a turn as Dev shrieks something about turtle shells.

Kym stands up and walks over to me.  Tonight she wears a red bandana wrapped around purple hair.  A white crop top, gold belly chain and black jeans with a wide, silver studded belt.  Black boots and her leather jacket.  She recently got her jacket spiked to match mine.  Her leather features the next star chart on the Milky Way traveling away from our solar system.  Kym caresses my cheek which throbs.

"Did I win?"

Kym laughs and kisses me.

"You almost tied?", offers Dev from the floor.

"Almost babe", agrees Kym smiling.  "Not much of a fighter are you?"

"That was my second fight.  The first was was in third grade with Tommy Melkin."

"Did you win?" asks Melo.

"No.  I ran away after he hit me."

Earlier in San Francisco, Dev knocks on our door.  I let her in suspiciously.  When she is alone there are sometimes spirits and otherworldly entities swirling around her.  But she just wanted to take a shower.  Kym allows this so I let her in.  When she comes out she goes into our room to help Kym paint tiny skulls on her nails.  Later Melo comes by.

"Party in Emerald Hills", says Kym.  

"Where?"

"Emerald Hills.  The Peninsula" says Kym.  "Melo we have to hit up a liquor store ok?"

Melo turned 21 first so the poor bastard gets to buy booze for us 20 year olds.  The perk is he always gets drunk for free when he hangs out.  

"It's my friend Annie from school.  She's turning 20 and her parents are in France so...party.  Sorry guys.  These people are kinda weird" warns Dev.

I look at her.  Dev cuts her hands to draw ritual blood magic circles.  She talks to spirits and old gods.  So I have to ask.

"Weird?"

"Suburb kids.  Gap clothes, Jamba Juice wheat grass purges and frozen yogurt...Trust fund drop outs with thousand dollar Beanie Baby collections" she offers.

"What? Like sane versions of you Dev?" says Jason strolling in through the front door.  

He lifts up his shirt and pulls a McDonalds bag from his waistband and dumps it on the table.  He drops next to it and takes out all the coke and heroin he scored across the bay.  

"Not much China white", says Jason.  "All tar.  Mexicans have a chokehold on the competition.  Only the biker guys and Vietnamese dudes have powder.  And boy do they know it."

"Maybe I don't want to go", says Dev in a small voice.  

We all can see why.  Dev was totally that weird kid that never fit in.  We have always viewed her as our insane friend and just go with it.  But growing up?  That must have been cruel.

"Dev!  Fuck Monkey is playing your friend's party!" says Kym waving a cigarette around to make her point.  

Kym is obsessed with Fuck Monkey because lately she has been on a disco kick.  Fuck Monkey is a cover band.  Mostly Bee Gees and Abba.  

"Fuck Monkey!" she emphasizes again as Jason tears the foil.

"But all those people...they were so-"  Dev scrunches into an embryonic ball on the floor with her knees to her chin.  

Her fear of her high school peer group is the first normal thing I have ever seen from Dev.  So I offer, "We can always go to Slims."

"C'mon Dev!", begs Kym rolling her eyes and clutching Dev's filthy orange gypsy skirt.  "I'm from fucking Danville!  The suburbs suck!  But Fuck Monkey!  Please!"

"Oh fuck you Khadja", says Dev still frowning.  Then she looks up, "OK.  Fine.  Let's go but Melo?"

"Hmm?"

"I need the kit."

And we smoke.  Dev shoots.  The poppy's bloom behind our eyes and time erodes into the Friday night.  We do coke as Kym gets ready and Jason orders a pizza.  Finally, Melo carries Dev's slumped body to the car and Kym drives us south into the suburbs.

"Who the fuck is this bitch?" yells the largest goddamn talking primate I have ever seen.  

I know who the bitch is.  But this guy?  Holy fucking steroid crazy mutant motherfucking shit!  He's not very tall which makes it worse.  The short ones HATE me.  But he is wide and ridiculously muscular.  His arms and neck are thicker than my thighs.  I walk into this knowing I am truly fucked.

All night this dominate primate man craps on everything.  His name is Baron for fuck's sake.  All he talks about is beating up people.  He sucks down beer after beer.  His face was almost angelic.  Blond curls framing olive green eyes.  But the eyes were dead.  Like a domesticated beast.  Dumb.  Dull.  Reflecting very little human soul.  His chin was like the end of a brick and everything below it was solid.

The band was amazing.  They were dressed like extras from Les Misrables.  Short set but intense with that infectious disco bass.  They played on a lawn that was at least a half acre long broken up by fountains and statuary.  This type of wealth astounds me.  I showed Melo the reproduction of the mosaic depicting Alexander the Great breaking the army of Darius, last king of the Achaemenid Empire.  Japanese koi fish swam over it.  Kym and Dev walk by smoking cigarettes and talking.  Obviously at ease in their childhood surroundings.  They never even glance at the beauty and symbolic power of the Alexander mural.  

Dev knew the house code to the elevator so we could go inside.  On the ground level was a space that housed the car and motorcycle collection.  Ride the elevator down to the underground pool and gym facilities.  Ride up to the atrium entrance.  A spiral stairway led to the bedrooms.  Jason complained loudly about this.

"What the fuck Winchester mystery house?  Elevator to the subterranean pool but not the bedroom?  The architect must have been smoking Mexican tar.  Shit makes you lazy.  Now if he had the ECP he would have built hamster tube connectors for the coked out fuckers who can't stand being trapped in elevators."

Two smaller houses flank the main compound.  One for each sister.  A family of four would be comfortable in either structure.  I sit in one of these houses and look at yearbooks.  Outside is a swarming cluster fuck of bored college-aged suburban kids mingling under tiki torch lights, swimming and getting wasted on expensive liquor.  In the yearbook I find a freshmen Devika Liora.  A tiny, awkward normal looking girl with a sexless utilitarian haircut.  But a glorious fucking smile.  Sophomore year she has a dyed black goth mushroom hairdo and a scowl.  Junior year she has a shaved head and painted, manic eyes.  No senior picture.  Then I hear trouble outside.

"Who the fuck is this bitch?" yells the largest goddamn talking primate I have ever seen.

And Kym is toe to toe with the monster yelling back.  

"Fuck you!  Who the fuck do you think you are?  Get the fuck out of here!" she yells as she throws the contents of her keg cup on him.

The crowd holds it breath as the red cup bounces off his enormous, sloped forehead.  Baron is the biggest asshole for miles and has been King Bully from kindergarten to this moment.  Whoever he was tormenting backed off and Kym filled the spot.  

He gapes at his Tommy Hilfiger shirt in disbelief.  The beer presses the material against his wide chest as I make my way towards the circle.  The crowd sensing violence reacts.

"Hey Baron!  It's all good!  Let it go dude!"

"Hey c'mon man.  Let it go!"

But more frightening:

"Fucking cunt!  Get her Baron!  Get HER!"

As he looks up I stand between them.  His piggy little eyes sparkle.  I see joy as thoughts are processed through the smooth lobes of his brain.

"Sorry", I say.  "We're leaving ok?"

And he swings.  I have a half second to drop back as his fist slams into my shoulder throwing me back into Kym.  We both fly back a good three feet and slide across the ground into the scattering stampede of onlooker's feet as they scramble to make way.  I jump up and throw myself at him with no idea what I'm supposed to do.  Baron catches me in midair.  His fingers are like bananas and crush me in the grip as he rears back to beat me.  With useless arms I slam my forehead into his face.  I feel a CRACK and he drops me bellowing.  Now I have chance!  I look up...and wake up sideways on the someone else's couch smelling my stomach contents.

"Cheater!", shrieks Dev.

Jason dramatically leaps to his feet while tossing the controller in the air and points at her, "THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!"

"I think I'm gonna puke again", I announce.

"Have some water" says Melo offering me a bottle.

"Have you considered the possibility that you may have a concussion?" asks the Arabic looking kid wearing an O'Neil hoodie.

"I have no idea what happened", I shrug.

His friend sitting next to him in glasses is rolling a joint and looks up.  "Baron just started throwing uppercuts into your body and then he clocked you with a right.  Lights out."

"Ah."

Kym puts her arms around my neck from behind.  Even this hurts but it's worth it so I sag into her embrace.

"Babe this is Mike", the Arab guy nods, "Jeff", the guy rolling the joint waves his hand as he licks the paper, "and Parker."  A chubby Asian kid smiles and nods.  "Mike dates Annie.  They all go to Santa Barbara."

I shrug.

"We're in Annie's house", fills in Kym.

"Oh.  Hey sorry for the ruckus."

"Oh dude that Baron guy has been a prick since 5th grade.  Steroids made him psycho.  It was awesome you guys took him out.  Asshole wasn't even invited", laughs Mike.

"Oh yeah?  What happened?"

"Melo hit him with a shovel", says Dev joining the circle as Jeff lights the joint.

"That guy was huge, I needed something", grinned Melo. "Barely slowed him down.  Guy's a beast.  But Jason dropped him.  One shot and he went down."

"Good thing", says Jason joining the circle.  "This chick told me in high school he lifted like 500 lbs.  You do not want to be on the receiving end of that.  His fists are like canned hams."  

So we smoked.  Kym and I were antsy.  I could feel Dev and Melo were getting there too but Jason looked zen because he was holding and probably enjoying.  

I learned from our new friends that Baron started problems by stealing a keg.  His crew just grabbed one during the band and left.  Then they came back for another one later.  One of Annie's friend's called them out on it and Baron shoved him.  In doing so he bumped Kym who got into it.  Luckily, someone called the cops.

I looked at Mike, Jeff and Parker.  Santa Barbara imparted a laid back beach culture vibe on them.  Like even though it was winter Mike and Parker wore rubber slippers instead of shoes.  Most of the guys at the party had short hair and backwards baseball caps.  These three had shaggy hair like they were debating to grow it out.  They looked as out of place at this party as we did.  

"Jase", said Kym, "bump me some love."

I watch their faces.  Marijuana and drinking is common in their circle.  But I sense Kym was opening a gate these three never saw.  Alert and interested, the Nintendo was forgotten.

"Uhm Kym...", says Dev looking at Mike.

"Don't worry Dev.  Annie's passed out" says Mike.  "What?  Coke?"

"Naw" says Kym.  "Coke AND heroin."

"Whoa!" says Parker looking at Jeff.  But Mike sits up.

"Is that like opium?"

"Not really", says Melo.  "More intense.  Opium is closer to morphine."

"What...?" purrs Kym suggestively.  "You boys want to try?  I am exactly what your mothers warned you about..."

"Kym" sighs Jason.  "This is not exactly the best-"

"Hey it's cool!", says Mike.  "I'll totally pay if thats what you mean.  I just want to try..."

"Mike!" says Parker, "Dude it's heroin.  HER-O-IN!"

"I'll buy some too", says Jeff.

"Boys!" smiles Jason rubbing his forehead.  "Look it's your party, you guys smoked us out and you let us chill here when the cops came.  I'll get you high if you want."

"I want", says Mike sitting up.

Kym feeds herself first.  Then I take a bump, Melo, Jason and Dev follow.  We sit there in the unknown house eyes wide open and floating into the other world like a leaf spiraling towards a pond.  I nod and feel myself sinking into still waters.  I watch Kym offer a tiny bump to them.  She rolls the straw across the glass table to Mike.  I stare at the skull painted on her fingernail.  

Jason looks into Kym's unwavering eyes, shakes his head and silently mouths: Devil's daughter.    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3b1pe5/opening_the_gate/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-28 21:05:34, # COMMENTS: 21, SCORE: 21
TITLE: the worst part about allergies, POST BODY: is your nose gets plugged., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3bgqki/the_worst_part_about_allergies/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-06-29 12:57:28, # COMMENTS: 68, SCORE: 88
TITLE: The Loop, POST BODY: The water is tropical, clear and the reef is visible below.  80 degree water. You share the bay with sea turtles and can hear whales singing to each other when you dive into the reef.  We paddle out on rented surfboards.    

I slide onto the wave face as it opens up and keep going down, down, down.  The wave face is smooth and full of yellow tang fish as the wall rises above me.  Then Kym drops in and cuts me off.  Leaning forward, her body crouched in a mystical kung fu fighting stance for balance, she HOWLS as she carves around me.  

I stretch my body, hold my arms forward to gain gravitational momentum towards the lip of the wave.  Kym starts pumping her board for speed.  At the last moment she stands up straight and explodes off the lip into the air.  I see her rocket into the blue poised and perfect.  Then the wave collapses over me as Kym laughing falls from the sky.  We tumble together into the bright blue Maui reef of Kaanapali.  
When I surface I grab the back of her hair and draw her close for a kiss.  She is talking but all I hear is that that weird hiss and beep, hiss and beep sound.

And I wake up.

I see my brother Carl.  He is talking.  I can't hear him but I know from his eyes he is giving me shit.  I try to tell him to fuck off but something is jammed in my mouth.  Mom's head slides over my view.  She looks sad, frail and old.  Much older than before.  

"Shhh!", she shushes me.

I feel as though I have been far away.  I am in no hurry to come back.  My hand is on some sort of a trigger I keep pushing.  It goes click, click, click.  Nurses come in and look at me.  I keep pushing the button.  Click, click, CLICK.  And I feel it.  A kindness through my bones.  Peace.  A gentle breeze for the burning mind.  

The first high of the day is always the best I try to tell them, but no words come out.  

"How about this one?" says Kym as she wiggles around in a green bikini checking herself out from all angles in the condo bedroom's mirror.  

She is modeling tiny bikinis for my viewing pleasure.  Bikinis for hiking, bikinis for sun bathing, bikinis for surfing, bikinis that you can't get wet...I have no idea what the criteria is but some are borderline obscene.  Like I would feel jealous with that much Kym on public display but she shrugs away my concerns.  

"It's Maui.  All the girls dress like this."

"Really?" I say.  Hmmm.  

Reading my thoughts she puts her arms around my neck and leans in close.  "Oh there is a lot to see here babe.  Look all you want but remember...You belong to ME."

When your topless girlfriend makes a bold declaration of love with just a hint of violence there is only one thing to do.  And we do it.  Twice.

That evening after eating grilled ono fish sandwiches, we drink beer and watch the sun set.  Far out over the sea the tip of a volcanic crater sticks out of the ocean with an island looming behind it.  Kym holds my hand and I watch the setting sun shine orange, violet and purple hues into the reflection of her sunglasses.

I lean back with a sigh.  So content is this paradise.  I look behind me and realize I am in a car.  I look up and see the darkest night out the passenger window.

"Fucking pigs everywhere!", says Jason peering over his shoulder.  

He drives us out of the coastal town of Santa Cruz, California.  Highway 17 is a twisty, turning puke inducing beast of a road.  Kym groans in the back.  She got hammered at the MIRV show.  I found out oxycodone mixed with...well everything lays waste to your ass.  Jason was on acid and cocaine and nominated himself most sober.  We agreed as I held Kym's hair out of her face while she retched up $5 Hurricanes in the parking lot.    

One moment life is like this:  A winding road.  It leads us through dark valleys, oak trees and sparsely illuminated dots of human habitation.  

"This is like being in a hurry for enlightenment all while feeling incredibly vapid", muses Jason.  He turns his head to look at me.  "Hey.  You ok dude?"    

The next moment: BOOOM!  Tilting, whirling sideways world. CRUUUUNCHH!  Blackness.

Everything is so far away in the dark.  But I can hear them talking.  I can smell Kym's hair sometimes.

"You ok babe?" asks Kym looking down at me.  

And I laugh.  For I solved the question I carried around in the dark.  Kym.  And here she is.  Missing her front tooth and wearing an eye patch.  

"Yeah real fucking funny", says Carl looking over me.  "Jesus!  Lay off the button."

And they fill me in as I click, click, click my button.  Jason drove off the side of the road and plowed into the back of a stopped semi truck.  Car is totaled.  An air bag and a seat belt saved him.  But after they treated him he was taken to jail because of previous warrants.  Kym also wore a seat belt.  She slammed into the driver's seat.  Lost a tooth, got a huge black eye but nothing broken.  

"They gave me percocet.  I'll give you some babe!" winks Kym.

"No!  No you won't!", says Carl.  Asshole.

"Shit, I should jack that thing into my arm...", says Kym watching my IV.

"No.  They should throw your ass out the hospital is what they should do" responds Carl.

I listen to them bicker as pain comes.  Little waves shocking my system.  Body pain.  Spinal agony.  And my fucking leg...I don't know if I hurt because I am injured or is this withdrawal?  Kym touches my cheek and gives me a kiss.  It is a deep kiss.  Hardly the sort of kiss you would think is appropriate with your mom and brother in the room.  Then her tongue pushes in two percocets.  I look up in surprise as she winks.  Then she sits up, brushes my hair out of my face and tells me another piece of the puzzle.  

Click, click, click.  

I was not wearing a seat belt.  Somehow I bounced off the windshield or maybe the dashboard and shot threw the passenger window.  Unfortunately, it was closed.  I have quite a few cuts.  Emergency response found me sitting next to Kym.  I had put my jacket over her and was holding her hand.  They said I asked for a tissue and then walked around shaking everyone's hands.  When they pointed out my leg seemed injured I looked down.  My knee was bent sideways.  I passed out.  

Click, click, CLICK!

Whoosh.  It approaches slowly like a sheet of rain moving steadily over green hills...I watch liquid drip, drip, drip into me.  Oh yes.  Please.  More.

"Hey before you go", asks Kym conversationally as she gets out a pad of paper and pulls a pencil out from behind her ear, "what's Jason's dad's name?"

"James Rusca."

"Where does he live?"

"Los Altos."

"What's his mom's name?"

"CiiinOhmmmFuuuuuccc...."

We spent most of the day on the beach.  We hiked to an old concrete World War 2 pillbox.  It was built into the sand dunes above the beautiful blue bay.  Sitting in the bunker, we eat sushi and papaya for lunch.  Trade winds soothe our sun kissed bodies as we laze in the shade sharing a cigarette.  The euphoria I feel matches the beauty dazzling my eyes.  I can see other islands across the sea.  Jungle green mountains rise from an azure sea to kiss the clear blue sky.

"Kym..."

"Yeah babe?"

"This is where the color of your eyes comes from."

She laughs and kisses my neck as I watch a pod of spinner dolphins dance across the bay.  Palm fronds rustle above us.  I kiss Kym's smiles again and again.  I get pulled into her spell.  She is perfect.  This moment is perfect.  There will never be another moment like this for me.  But in an infinite Universe there must be another dimension where this moment lasts forever.  I want this dimension hidden in a glass bauble and secreted away in my brain.  A shelter for all the storms and pain I sense coming my way.

Kym sits up to sip her soda.  I dig my toes into the fine white sand as she holds me and looks into my eyes.

"Do you like it here?" she asks softly.

"I do but..."  I look into her face.  "This is another world, right?  We are on the other side."

"Yes.  You can tell?" she asks calmly as her wide blue eyes study my face.

"Yeah.  But I don't care.  Kym?"

"Hmm?" she says lazily as she runs her lips across my neck towards my ear.

"Do you want to get married?"

Kym stops nuzzling me and pulls away.  "What?  You serious?"

"Yes", I say looking at our feet in the sand.  "Let's leave our roots here.  Here in this world.  You and me.  Where everything is perfect."

She touches my cheek and smiles.  "I am you.  You are me.  Love me..."  

I drift off to sleep and feel her next to me.  Everything vanishes but our hearts that beat for pleasures found only in this hidden garden.  In the Darkness I can hear music.

"...to be somebody's baby..."

I walk slowly.  I don't want to leave...I look around.  The beach is gone.  I look back into the darkness.  The sound shows me the way out.    

"...she's so fine..."

I trudge up the hill reluctantly.  Fuck.  I lost it all.

I wake up and Kym is sitting on my bed leaning against me watching Fast Times At Ridgemont High.  My roommate is an Asian man who stares uncomprehendingly at the TV.  His sparkly expression tells me he is on the good stuff too.

"Mmmm babe", whispers Kym in my ear as she yawns and then kisses me.  Her eye patch is gone.  The bruise over her face is an ugly purple color that surrounds her watery, bloodshot eye.  She smiles and I see her tooth is still missing.

"What happened?"  I croak.  

I feel dry and withered.  Corpse-like.  And sick.  Dopesick.  

"Well Jason's in Santa Cruz County Jail.  Maybe out by now.  I got a hold of his dad.  Luckily Melo knew his mom and I got his business card from her.  You know how Jase always gives me shit?  Poor little rich girl and all that crap?  His dad is posted his bail and says he'll cover Iona's car with his insurance."

"Hmm" I respond so she knows I am listening.  But I am not.  Fucking thing!  Work damn you.  

Click, click, click.  

"You did all that from here?" I ask while experimenting with new ways to push the button.  Fast, slow. hard pushes, light ones.

"Yup.  One calling card from Santino's, one hospital payphone and perseverance.  I couldn't let the little butthole sit in jail.  He's too pretty to make it on the inside.  His dad says he's going to rehab though."

Click, click, click.  

"Kym?"

"Yeah?"

"Did we go to Maui?"  

Click, click, CLICK.  And I feel it washing over my bones...

"Maui?  Well yeah.  We stayed at my parent's condo in Wailea, remember?  Why?"

I watch her grow distant through the haze.  So beautiful.  I feel complete happiness.  I feel the cosmic peace.  I can see the glass bauble in her look.  The blue sea, the white sand.

"Kym"  I croak, "...we married?"

"What?!  Really?!  Man, I want some of that drip you're on..."

And the Darkness comes.  I hear her laughter from far away.  I try to get back but it washes over me.  

Fuck it.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3bj8yz/the_loop/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-02 12:28:59, # COMMENTS: 46, SCORE: 69
TITLE: This is a Love Story, POST BODY: Night is falling and it is so cold in this part of the world.  I have been in bed most of the evening and now stare out the window.  My daughter will close the curtain after I fall asleep because she says I waste the heater.  I hate that damn heater.  It dries my skin and reminds me where I live.  When the curtains open at least my spirit is exposed to the starlight.  Though they move, bloom and die these are the same stars that I looked at when I was young.  We are nothing to the stars.  A soft sigh on the wind.  I can see the two stars now in Ursa Major.  Mizar and Alcor.  Binary stars.  The Lovers.

I hear the child's bare feet slapping over the hardwood floors.  She never walks anywhere.  Always running.  I hear her rapidly approaching and then an abrupt silence.  I look at the door and see her peeking in.

"I see you little one."

"Hi grandpa.  Can I come in?  Mom says you're resting but you're awake and I saw you so I stopped by and-"

"Yes.  Come in."

"You're not grumpy right?  Did you take your medicine?  You're happy after you take your medicine right?"

I look at my granddaughter.  So perceptive and so very wise.  The innocence of an 8 year old is truly a magical thing.

"I'm ALWAYS happy to see you little one.  Give me a hug."

And she smiles as bright as the noon day sun and throws her bony arms around my dried husk.  She sits on the bed and looks at me seriously with her wide blue eyes.

"Can I get a story?  Not a sad story.  You tell too many sad stories grandpa."

"Ok.  This is a love story."

"Is it happy?"

"Well kid, we need a little sadness to understand happiness.  Now be quiet and let me think..."

Once there was a boy who loved a girl.  And she loved him back. Fiercely.  To the boy there was nothing but the girl.  It was all he ever wanted.  So they loved.  They were happy.

The love they shared was like a fire to the forest, like time feeding on the world when everything was new and beautiful.  They were destroying each other.  But they were young.  And young people enjoy standing next to the flame.

To enhance their love, the boy and the girl discovered a magic potion.  In this age you could buy magic potions anywhere.  Though it hurt them terribly, they took the magic potion every day because it made their world shine brighter.  You see they loved the light.  Like moths to a flame.  For as I said, they had all the time in the world to burn brighter and brighter.  

Death was there too.  Death was everywhere even in this new part of the world.  The boy and the girl were growing closer to each other and closer the End.  Such is the way of all things.  Death watched with eyes that had seen it all.  Death knew how every story ends...yet these two were up to something.

Death watched the pair grow sloppy.  Sometimes the boy would crush the dead moths that fell from the spider's lair into the magic potions they used.  It would not be long now, thought Death.  Though the boy and girl could not see the flames around them, their world was burning away.

One night Death crept in.  There was no more boy and no more girl. Their stories and their lives ended.  Their world disappeared and the smoke traveled far out to sea where it joined with rain clouds and wept.

But the boy had not been idle when he went out.  He would tell stories to anyone who would listen.  His thoughts rose high on the wind and was shrieked loudly from gulls.  The minnows in the stream took the story to the sea where it spread far and wide through the smiles of dolphins and the songs of sharks.  Soon every animal knew of the love between a boy and a girl.  In the forest a madman heard the whispers of foxes and the tales from the birds.  And this man could write in the languages of man and machine.

Soon others heard the tales.  They took them the way people do and twisted them to their own words, hearts and deeds.  Only the boy, the girl and the love remained.  The language of the creatures joined the languages of man and soon the languages of machine all knew the story of the boy and the girl.

Death would come by and see the boy and the girl again.  This was something new.  They were still alive in the minds of the forest creatures, birds and the sea.  Still burning in love.  The machines told the story to the stars.  The stars told the story to us.  And we can still see them. See over there?  Those two stars in the bear constellation?  The boy and the girl. Still hand in hand and still burning in the night sky.

Skeptical, the girl looks out the telescope I have on my desk.  My eyes are trained to see the two stars but I wanted to share something with the child so I set it up after dinner.  Kid watches too much TV.  Needs a little more science.

"Oooh!  I see it grandpa!  I see the two stars!", then she looks at me.  "But they are not holding hands!"

"Sure they are.  You see the stars, you know their story so close your eyes and picture the rest."

I watch her face as she looks in her mind for the boy and girl.  I feel lucky to be near a soul young enough to still see unseen things. Her mom calls.  Bath time.  It is a school night and she sprints away leaving me to my quiet thoughts.  

"Khina!" I call.   I know I am intruding in their goodnight ritual but maybe...

"What?" she calls back annoyed.

"My medicine?" I ask trying not to sound as desperate as I feel inside.  

"Nice try old man.  You know you got at least an hour.  Try not to think about it!"

Fucking kids.  I look at the clock.  Sigh.  One hour seventeen minutes until my pill.  That brat will hold my dose to the very last second.

My daughter is in charge of my medicine.  I used to have the luxury of pretending to be forgetful.  I could slip in an extra pill.  But I don't fool her anymore.  That one was always too damn clever. My last pill of the night is always bittersweet.  After it passes through my being the pain will come with many hours until dawn.  The great loneliness will swallow me up like the distances between stars.  

And I will lay here helpless as the Darkness comes., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3bw6nx/this_is_a_love_story/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-06 12:10:33, # COMMENTS: 32, SCORE: 107
TITLE: Temple of Greed: Dope Star, POST BODY: Rosie issued me a company credit card when I started here for client entertainment and equipment purchases.  Today is the first time I have ever used it.  I fill out the forms for the $1,500.00 certified check and let them cross reference my ID.  Then I took the certified check to the Santa Clara County Jail to bail out Rosie.  

Cops found Rosie in her car, passed out in the parking lot of Whole Foods.  Normally they let rich, professional drunks go when they sober up but Rosie mouthed off, got searched and had four empty bags of coke and a half burnt joint.  
"They impounded my car!", she grumbles indignantly as I lead her out into the harsh, Californian sunlight.  She pauses, pulls sunglasses on and looks at me.

"How did you get here?"

"Bus."

"Fahking unreal!" she groans in disappointment.

This is an expression Rosie learned from me but it sounds better in her South American accent.

I was explaining how the bus schedule works when she waves her hand like I was a bug, yanks out her cellphone and calls a cab.  

"Do you have any coke?" she asks after bumming one of my cigarettes.

"No."

"Alright my place.  I need a line.  No!  Two lines.  And half a joint.  And coffee!  Police coffee tastes like sour, German ass."

I don't ask.  

We walk to the curb to wait for the cab and pass a newspaper stand.  A picture of Rosie smiles from Metro Weekly.  I take one and read the article.

"Rising Tech Stars-" But she cuts me off.

"Garbage!  Only useful for my CV.  They didn't put in the four plugs I needed.  Fucking bitch reporter.  Bryan is so pissed!  This makes me look narcissistic.  But good photo eh?  But the other three interviews are potato men."

As Rosie showers, I watch CSPAN's coverage of NASA Mission Control.  My dream job.  I see an empty chair as engineers mill around.  That could be my chair if the story had a happy ending.  Calculating assist burn for Space Shuttle Columbia's  ascent.  Not waiting in this crazy coked up dyke's apartment after bailing her out of jail.  

I roll a thick joint of her weed and wonder if this counts as a work day?  Just the thought of going in the office fills me with sighs.  To get a good work mask on I must be high.  Not enough to push away dopesick pain, but HIGH.  And that...is a waste of drugs.

"You know you really need to start going to work" says Rosie from her bedroom.  I smile and exhale the smooth, hydroponic green bud.  Seems the Universe sews me into places where I am wanted.  She smells the joint and looks in.

"Why are you smiling?  Are you high on drugs?" demands Rosie as she takes the joint and hits it.

"Just a little.  You know how it is" I respond semi truthfully.  

Luckily my sleeves are rolled down.  Luckily Rosie called me after my morning half shot.  Luckily I was lucid enough to follow the instructions for bail.  The Universe led me to this moment.  Rosie is right.  I need my job because I enjoy electricity, running water and opiates.  I'm no farmer living off my land.  I have no real world skills like fixing cars or cutting hair.  Sadly, my best contribution to society is as an office cog.

"Linda is ambitious" warns Rosie as she smooths out the final touches in her bizarre, asexual power suit.  

Her transformation from a night in jail attire to this vicious, sleek corporate predator is startling.  I can learn things from Rosie.  She would share this con for she actually likes me.  But I'm too high to think about silly shit like that.  One day at a time.  That's what my therapist said in county rehab.

Ah Linda.  I hired her myself.  Trained her to do the things I hate and she slowly took over.  At first I bossed her around.  She was a meek thing and enjoyed instruction.  But I am gone more than half the week.  She learned to fend for herself.  When people come by to ask about projects they acknowledge me but ask Linda all the serious stuff.  

She has stolen my glow and lo and behold- Linda shines brightly.  I see it.  They see it.  I'm just too tired to care.  

"Ok I'll go" I say looking at my watch.  It is 10:50am.  Pop in, show my face and go to lunch.  Read some news, get high and go home.  I can do this.  For one thing I have 3 roxys in my coat pocket.  Just enough to bleed out the day.

Walking in with Rosie is a trip.  A corporate power trip.  Her meticulous look and South American accent make her an exotic, magnetic, powerful thing.  People worship her.  They sense her star is on the rise.  And trailing in her stardust is the only reason people put up with me. 

So many clamor for her favor or a bit of her time.  They see Rosie on TV and worship her media status in this temple of greed.   Why does Rosie like me?  She is an ambitious woman and I am lazy man.  Yet we are twins.  Venom twins.  Many times I have caught her and carried her home.  She has returned the favor.  We shield each other from truths and allow the fantasy world to continue uninterrupted.  I don't want to fuck her and she does not want to fuck me.  Just removing that layer makes us closer.  Less bullshit.  

We pull up to the compound while Rosie barks instructions to her assistant Mitch.  Get my car out of impound!  Sic lawyers on the cops!  Get a copy of the arrest report!  12:30 lunch reservations as Shiono's and so on and so forth as I pay the the cabbie.  We walk inside and sense things are off instantly.  People are milling around like zombies.  Brainless and lost.  

"Internet is out" explains the lobby receptionist.  I pop my first roxy.

Without screens to focus on human interaction is happening.  I am very uncomfortable.  When Rosie storms off I am lost.  I feel the first blue hitting me and go the restroom to rail the second one.  60 mg should help.  This one caresses the back of my brain and I go to my desk.  Linda appears instantly for a meeting.  

"Linda I just got here.  I need to check my email-"

"The internet is down.  You owe me a status meeting.  So let's start with red tier projects" drones Linda all puffed up with self importance.  

She looms over me with her list and it feels like a police interrogation.  I stare at her balefully as she recites the events that transpired while my brain was off planet.  She opens up a binder and starts to read off agendas, reports and communications that she has meticulously culled into her demonic tome. 

"Did you see Robinson's email about the commerce section?"

"No."

"Have you had a chance to look at the Kennedy/Flaig partnership?"

"No."

"Have you-"

"Look Linda, I gotta go poo."  

I stand up and walk away smiling.  I wanted to say 'shit' but my brain screamed 'No!'.  For some reason 'poo' came out.  What a marvelous word.  I realize that was a huge transgression but when she reports me, everyone will smirk when she says 'poo'.  Ah fuck me.  Oh well.  I can't complain about Linda.  She is merely doing her job.  And my job.  Plus, I did hire her.

Man, the office is too bizarre without internet.  I am not the only one weirded out now that we are cut off from the internet teat.  When the reports come in that the city of Mountain View road crews damaged a huge section of communication repeaters, the engineers were the first to leave.  

Ben is agitated and tells me, "This is fucked!  The infrastructure is fucked.  Internet should not come from a fucking wire like a goddamn telegraph service!  It should come from the sky!"

"The sky?" smiles the receptionist Minnie who was hired on her merits.  Today a blue crystal dangles hypnotically above her v-necked merits.

"Yes!  The sky!  Like Skynet.  In fact Minnie, it should be ILLEGAL to be offline!"

And Ben storms off.

"Did I upset him?" asks Mary looking worried.  

I don't think any of us have ever seen Ben angry.  And no one has ever seen him leave early.  A common myth is that Ben lives in the building.  The sleeping bag, refrigerator and dresser in his cubicle do little to dissuade this.    

"Naw.  Don't worry about Ben."

I am trying to just sneak off but the roxy magic makes me social.  I can sense Minnie is going to ask me something so I lean on the counter and wait.

"Do you think we, like the admins, have to stay if the internet is broken?" 

She smiles and is sitting up straight.  I am an old pro with busty females and do not fall into the cleavage trap.  I will not look.  But fuck, I am also high and I really don't care what she does.

"I'm not your boss Minnie.  I'm leaving.  Seems pointless to stay-"

"Thanks!"  

And like that she scoops up her jacket, grabs her travel mug of coffee and skips out the door.  Tra la la la la.  I smile and follow her.  Fuck this place.

I wake up to a 6:50 am. alarm.  Why?  Then I hear it.  Snoring.  Seriously loud snoring.  Sera.  She snores like a man.  I look around as the clock SCREAMS.  I am on the couch in the living room.  Sunlight slices through the blinds and a knife beam hits Mycroft the fish illuminating his midnight blue armor.  He stares at me expectantly. 

I walk down the hall.  In the bedroom I see Sera buck naked, face down and snoring on my bed.  What an ass.  I know she is shy about her weight but damn.  You just want to sink your teeth into that fleshy paradise.  And I probably did last night even though Sera is someone's girlfriend.  We have a complicated relationship.

I sit next to her, turn off the alarm clock.  Once I'm awake my mind goes into math mode.  It was around 1:30 am when I took a half shot in the bathroom.  I sneak these in because Sera has seen me OD and worries.  But this batch is on the weak side.  The Gargoyle gets the shit Mexican black tar, some ECP/Dragon and Roxicodone 30mg.  I prefer the roxy over the Mexican but my tolerance is through the stratosphere these days.  Pills are expensive.  Three for $40 and I need all three to touch the god.  So black tar in my blood is pure economics.  I don't feel the pain but sense it is coming.  Mornings are hard on me.  My flesh is like stone and I just want to lay there and suffer.  There is only one cure. 

I get my kit which is hidden under my desk drawer and go into the bathroom.  Yawning, I cook up a batch, tie myself off and inject a bit above the last one.  I should be more careful.  Don't want to crush a vein.  I clean myself up, wipe away the blood and use antibiotic ointment and a bandaid.  As my nod gallops across the sea towards my weary spirit, I spray aerosol air freshener and clean up.  

When I was "sober", I was an alcoholic pothead.  I ate a lot.  I loved Indian food, Persian and Mexican.  Chinese food and salads were constant.  I would kill the bathroom every morning with a humongous, healthy bowel movement.  And I would spray this aerosol air freshener.  I haven't shit for 3 days or eaten much besides candy and soda.  But now I spray it not for shit but for that unpleasant vinegar tang of Mexican black tar boiling on a spoon.  I walk out to wake Sera.

"Hey!  Get up!"  

"What the fuck!" she yells popping up.  Then she see's me and smiles.  "Oh.  Hey...hi."

I collapse next to her as the smack circulates within my body easing up the tensions of life.  Sera lays next to me and strokes my face.  I am high and this feels nice.  I know this is where I send mixed signals but I am only flesh and bones.  This room is stark white, the color all apartments come in.  My curtains are Mars red and the sun burns beyond them one astronomical unit away.  When transfused with sunlight, Sera's purple eyes glow violet.  When she stares at me, I am transfixed.  

"We were both sleeping on the couch after we uh you know..." smiles Sera pushing her face into my neck and cheek.  Sera nuzzles politely.  She never bites.  She waits for you to take her.  

But I remain still.  Waiting for the god to take me.

The god is spreading my love across the cosmos.  Bits of me are disintegrating to the stars.  The sacrifice of another day lost.  I left many untied bits yesterday when I said rude things and left.  I see my phone blinking but I turned off it's voice.  Silence is needed.  Respect for the god.

"You were yelling last night.  Again" sighs Sera.  

"Sorry."

"You pushed me away" says Sera as she props herself up to look at my face.

I don't need to ask.  My dream is always the same dream.  

"You were talking to her" says Sera sadly as she strokes my face.

I look away.  I DID feel her.  Often I do not.  Usually it is just the dark corridor where my pain echoes and touches nothing.  Nothing at all.  But last night for a moment I know she was watching. I was focused on my lighter during the cook and those clear blue eyes peered back.  I almost dropped the spoon.  Almost.

But now it is morning.  Sera is taking her wake and bake bong hit and I am staring at the ceiling.  Rational.  There is a lot of blue in a butane flame.  More oxygen        in the mix makes it fully combustible...right?  I take the lighter as Sera hacks up a huge roiling cloud of marijuana smoke.  I flick it and stare through the smoke.  Not much blue, but a little.   , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3cbkhv/temple_of_greed_dope_star/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-09 10:24:48, # COMMENTS: 33, SCORE: 47
TITLE: The Helicopter Bird, POST BODY: "So..." asks Melo who stinks of sweat and beer,  "it's not a hummingbird?"

"No!" says Dev stamping her foot in the mud.  "I don't think it has wings at all.  It wears a backpack that has a-"

"A helicopter bird?"

Stoned Melo is slow.  But forever nice.  He has been trying to get Dev to eat the veggie bagel a lady lawyer bought him downtown after he helped her carry in seventeen boxes of documents.

"Yes!  It has goggles and everything.  I have no idea how it steers so don't you dare ask!"  Dev huffs and walks around in a circle.  Every now and then Melo half halfheartedly offers Dev the bagel.

"I saw it again as we pulled in the park.  You were talking to Clayton and Billy Fives and YOU missed it Mr. Melo!  Rrrrr!"

Dev throws up her hands to the heavens.  She has a long day ahead of her after a slow start.  She turns around and snatches the bagel from her boyfriend who smiles in relief.  Now Melo can sit in the grass. The grasshopper stares at the green grass spreading out in all directions, up and down hills of yore.  Golden Gate Park is their home.  Melo sighs, content.

High above a redwood tree Dev spots it standing motionless in the sky. Her boyfriend has his eyes closed but by now Dev realizes the helicopter bird is just for her.  It's like watching a whale spout far at sea or a shooting comet.  By the time you point it out, it will have vanished.

"You want to follow me helicopter bird?" asks Dev looking up at it.  A beautiful bird.  Like a shadow of blue in the moonlight and shiny like water.  "Today is Tuesday bird.  On Tuesdays I worship the three towers to save the city.  Three!  Wanna come helicopter birdy?  Then FOLLOW me!" commands Dev as she marches off.

"Hey!" yells Melo from the grass, "Your jacket."

Dev looks around suspiciously.  Yes, the air and the sky whisper today shall be cold.  Her boyfriend is wise with Nature.

"'Ok!  Thanks honey!" she chirps while pulling on her two sizes too big baggy, mountaineering parka.  She loves this jacket because she can disappear into it or use it as a sleeping bag.

Dev takes a seemingly random route using public transportation, well walked streets and unmarked alley paths.  But there is a method to the madness.  She follows her tags.  DevL is carved and painted all over. Dev meticulously checks each DevL tag for wear, damage or worse - vandalism.  She repairs, repaints and re-carves the tags as she traipses along.

The helicopter bird meets her the Dewey Monument in Union Square.  The goddess Nike dances on top a pillar of Roman glory while clutching her trident and wreath.  Dev reaches into her pocket and grabs a handful of dirt.

"Oh city, feel my vibration!" she intones in an unnaturally loud and weird voice.  Dev's voice is girly childish but flat.  It lacks tone and emotion giving it an unsettling but hypnotic quality.  Tourists and office workers are compelled to stare and she addresses the 85 foot column, "I stand at your heart!  This is the sacrifice of Earth!" and Dev scatters the handful of dirt into the wind.

"What the fu-" yells a man in a business suit eating a hot dog as dirt showers down on him and his lunch.

"Oops!  My bad!  But it's for our city sir!  That should keep the Drowned Boys away" says Dev to the man who glares at his hot dog.

"Un-fucking-believable" says the man shaking his head and walking away.  He throws the hot dog in the garbage and yells, "Fucking hippy cunt!"

Dev comprehends humanity.  So she watches carefully.  A guy like that won't hit her.  A guy like that will find someone else to hit her. You have watch people.  They wear masks.  Like that creeper peeper in the park that asks girls to do rude things for money.  He looks so nice. But you could smell the dried cum and blood.  Moths live inside his grinning skull.  When he grabbed her arm the feeling of the grave was so strong she screamed.  And thank goodness the Lover and Jason were looking for Melo.  For the third time in her life, Dev enjoyed watching someone get beat up.  The Lover and the Vagabond changed the chapter and rewrote her Terrible Ending.  

So she owes them.  She owes everyone and everyone needs her.  This is Devika's burden.

The man is walking towards a cop.  He points to the dirt on his suit and points at Dev.  The helicopter bird transmits this. Dev nods and slips into the crowded square.  Sliding through people and watching the helicopter bird's thoughts.  The cops spread out looking for a short female white teen in a green parka.

"Sit!" commands the bird helicopter.

Dev drops besides a concrete planter on the edge of the Union Square stairs and yanks the parka hood over her head.  The green parka moves left into the next world.  As moths become butterflies, Dev pops out on the right side of the world in an imperial purple parka. Cops walk by looking for green and ignore the purple caterpillar with the Steal Your Face logo stitched across the hood.

"Now!" says the helicopter bird.

"Thanks!" cries Dev as she breaks through the rift and emerges back to this world in green.  She sprints to the street just as a Muni bus appears.  In her pocket is a day pass and she holds it up.  The driver steps on the gas removing Dev from chaos.  They chug east.  Towards the great pyramid.

"Watcha ya listening to?" asks Dev with her hands clasped politely behind her back.

The corner street preacher looks up and sighs.  So much for a peaceful lunch break.  He wipes his mouth with a napkin, puts his sandwich down and turns off his Walkman.  The spacey little homeless girl is back. Oh well.  Better than the damn police.

"Jazz.  John Coltrane.  Live recording from 1966...way before your time.  Reminds me how damn I old I got" grins the preacher flashing his gold tooth.  "You like music?"

"Yup.  All sorts for fun and dancing.  But Mozart is the best.  His gift to us is our treasure from the stars" grins Dev.

"Yeah he's good" agrees the street preacher who thinks he shouldn't ask but he does anyways, "What do you mean by the stars?"

"Mozart is from the stars!  A spaceman.  That's why his music increases your spatial-temporal reasoning.  It was his gift.  I always listen to Mozart because I have a lot of stuff to think about."

The street preacher smiles.  And people call him crazy.

"Hey, you want some of this roast beef sandwich?  Your friend with the pink hair made it" says the corner street preacher offering the untouched half of his sandwich to Dev.

"Why does everybody keep trying to feed me?" complains Dev rolling her eyes.

"Because soaking wet you'd be lucky to weigh 85 pounds!  Look, just eat the damn sandwich."

Dev sticks her tongue out but then shyly reaches out and takes the food.  It does smell good.  Canon Cafe has the best sandwiches. Especially when Kym makes them because she sneaks in extra meat and cheese if she likes you.  Apparently she likes the street preacher because this is a huge sandwich.

"Ok but I hate owing people" says Dev gnawing into the sandwich.

The street preacher hands her a napkin.  "You don't owe me a thing girl.  This is mine to give and I gave it to you" he says as he sits back and bites into his half.  "But I know what you mean.  I'm the same way actually.  How about you tell me your name and we call it even?"

"Devika Liora.  But really I'm just a Dev."

"Devika?  Now THAT is a beautiful name.  You know I worry about your tag, the DevL thing.  Some folks frown on that" frowns the street preacher.  

Above his head to left, written in a Sharpie on the side of building is a little cursive DevL tag. 

Dev shrugs.  "But I don't care who I help.  I love everyone.  I'm just like you but with more people and a much longer path to walk."

The street preacher laughs.  "Fair enough Devika.  My name is Reverend Archibald Jackson.  Or Archie."

Dev suddenly leaps up and points at the sky.

"There it is Archie!" shrieks Dev spraying sandwich bits.

"What?" says Archie looking around.

"The helicopter bird!  By the Blockbuster billboard!"  points Dev.

"There's nothing there-"

"By the 'F' in 'No More Late Fees'!  See?!"

"Wait a helicopter bird?" asks Archie looking at her as she hops up and down pointing at nothing.

"It's going to the great pyramid without me!" says Dev running down the street.  Office workers and pedestrians move out of her way as the barefoot short, grungy little hippie girl in a green parka wails, "Wait for me you dumb bird!"

The street preacher watches her run off and shakes his head.  He pulls out the last quarter inch of a burnt joint held together with a singed matchbook cover.  Archie lights it and expertly puffs in two hits before the joint evaporates to smoke and ash.  Helicopter bird...? Fucking drugs, he muses.

The Transamerica Pyramid is the tallest building in San Francisco and thus the Key to the Sky People.  Dev loses sight of the helicopter bird as it turns a corner but spots it hovering by the western face of the great pyramid.  Built for purposes of greed, Dev has been secretly transforming the pyramid into a tool for Righteousness.  And she knows she is watched here.  This is where she has been arrested.  She does not need the helicopter bird to tell her invisible powers guard the money.  But this is her job.  She must complete the Ritual.  The city and her loved ones are counting on her.

Man, I have worked this beat for three years.  Office workers are jaywalking, littering, pompous fools but their crimes are not the kind I can arrest them for.  So it's a pretty kick back spot.  Mostly pick pockets and loonies.

And speaking of loonies, here SHE comes again.  Little mouse.  The bleeder.  Sigh.  I loosen my cuffs and move around my car.  But then again...Lunch is coming up.  Steve and Ivan will relieve us in less than 20 minutes.  And it is a GOOD day for tacos.  I watch her pull out the knife, wince as she slices her arm and grips it for blood. Damn girl!  No expression on her doll face.  Here it comes.  Charlie looks at me and I shake my head.  Fuck it.  She's a harmless kook and two hours of stomach grumbling paperwork is a waste of tax payer money.

Oh and tacos man.  Dungeness crab tacos at La Fogata taqueria!

When she shrieks, "Oh city feel my vibration!  I stand at your Vision!  This is the sacrifice of Sky!" the pedestrians scramble to get out of her way.  The wind roars down the street.  When Dev's hair swirls into the air she shrieks and slaps her blood on the lobby window.  Then she sprints away as workers stare in disgust at the bloody handprint and mutter to themselves, What the fuck was that?

The helicopter bird sees her traipsing down the street like a tumbling leaf.  She is quick and knows the city's secrets.  Unseen, she rides on cable cars, slips through streams of pedestrians and into a BART station.  The helicopter bird can't go in there but knows where she's heading.

The Ferry Building clock tower strikes out the recorded gongs of a bell to tell the people it is now 5:30 pm.  Dev sprints madly towards it.  The sun still shines but people are already preparing for the sunset.  Dev wants to finish her ritual now because being late is rude.  These are very old spirits we are talking about.

Tourists watch the tiny girl in the huge green coat stand before the clock tower.  In her hand (which appears to be bloody) she holds a bottle of water.  She lifts her arms to the tower and yells, "Oh city feel my vibration!  I stand at your Soul!  This is the sacrifice of Water!"

She shakes the bottle spraying water everywhere.  A dismayed old Japanese tourist shields herself and stumbles out of the way.  The seagulls go mad.  The sky fills with them instantly and Dev drops to her knees in thanks.  The helicopter bird hovers above her in the cloud of seagulls undetected by all except Dev.

"Hey!  You!  Out of here!  Now!" bellows a man.  Dev looks up and see's a security guard bearing down on her.  But she is spent.  The last offering sucked out her soul and it mingles in a cloud of birds.  She silently implores the helicopter bird for help.

"Please.  I am so tired.  Let me rest" she says weakly as the man stands there and barks into a walkie talkie.

"Yo!  What's the problem Billy?" demands an angry and familiar voice.

Dev looks up and smiles relieved.  It's the Lover.  Khadja.  The helicopter bird swirls down gently and breathes Dev's soul back into her mouth.

"Ahhhh!  Yummy yum thanks!", says Dev.  The security guard and Kym both look at her for second.  Then they get back to the real world.

"It's a disturbance radioed in Kym" says the security guard.

Like the other security guards trapped into walking the Ferry Building for 8 hour shifts, Billy enjoys seeing Kym.  The girl with the pink hair and tight, half shirts always makes the day brighter.

"That's my friend Dev.  She's ok" explains Kym.

"Hi Lover!" says Dev.

Kym looks down at her and frowns.  "Devika, it's weird enough when you call my boyfriend that."

"Oh.  Sorry Khadja."

"Well it was radioed in so I have to report it-"

"Look Billy, I had to do a double today.  I worked Union Square for the AM rush and had to fill in the afternoon slot here.  I am so fucking tired!  I'm too tired to ask nicely.  Fuck the report!"

"Easy Kym!" says Billy as he puffs himself up.  "This is a Code 16. Your friend is throwing water on people.  I have to escort her off premises and call the cops."

"A Code what?" yawns Dev.

"The fuck you are!" says Kym pointing a lit cigarette at the security guard.  "I'll talk to Tim and get your ass busted for smoking weed on your break!"

"But...I smoked it with you" says Billy hurt.

"Fuck!" says Kym rolling her eyes, "I like you and I give you coffee so don't get all Nazi on us ok?"

"Alright.  I'm sorry.  Just get her out of here ok?  People are complaining" says Billy looking around.

Kym stares at the security guard until he shuffles off awkwardly. Then she helps up Dev.

"Aww Khadj you squished his ego."

"Fucking security guys" says Kym shaking her head.  Then she looks at Dev.  "Hmmm.  Let me guess.  Your soul is loose.  Somewhere!"

"No.  I got it back.  Helicopter bird."

"Helicopter bird?  I was close.  You hungry Devika?"

"Why does everyone keep asking me that?", PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3coooo/the_helicopter_bird/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-13 01:35:48, # COMMENTS: 52, SCORE: 54
TITLE: The Dream Storms, POST BODY: Kym is laying next to me in our bed.  I don't want to get up just yet.  The early morning gloom of opiate abuse weighs down my flesh and presses me into the sheets.  A stone body, cracking and crumbling in protest of the coming day.  Close your eyes.  Sleep.  I can smell the rain outside and clouds keep the sunshine locked away.  Only a lazy, filtered light creeps through. I roll over and look at Kym who smiles back at me.  She doesn't have to get up yet and is lingering awake only for me.  She can waste a few more waking minutes before she passes back into the dream world.

"Hey babe" she says softly in the shadowy light while tracing her finger across my cheek.

"Good morning...or is it still night?  What time is it anyways?"  I ask looking around. I don't see the clock.  Actually, I don't see anything.  No walls or ceiling.  Just Kym and this bed.  

When did we get a bed?

"Hey babe, the CIA were down to three applicants.  They were in a room with a gun and had their spouses in the next room.  They told the first guy take a gun and go kill his wife.  He said No way and they let him go.  The second guy took the gun, went and the room but came back.  He couldn't do it, so they let him go.  The woman takes the gun, goes into the room and they hear gun shots followed by smashing furniture and screaming.  The woman walks out and says, This gun had blanks.  I had to beat him to death with the chair."

And I start laughing.  And I can't stop.  It just pours out and I go fucking insane...  

"Wake up!  Are you crying?!  Hello!  Wake up!" Sera cries shaking her lover.

"What!" he asks finally snapping out of his trance.  He looks around and his eyes settle on Sera who watches him apprehensively.

"Are you ok?" she asks.

"Yes.  Why?"

"You were screaming and breathing weird and...Oh.  You were dreaming about her right?"

She watches his face as it grows annoyed and turns away from her.  She sighs.

Why won't he let me in?  I give him everything.  And like a thief, he comes in any damn time and takes anything he pleases...but in the morning light Sera can see his beauty.  His morose nature kills her.  She is powerless in his dark eyes.  And Sera hates when the tiny amount of closeness she painstakingly builds with him crumbles like it just did.  She watches him get up and disappear into the bathroom.  

Sigh.

Later, he comes out into the living room.  It is Saturday and he might be a little grouchy she woke him up but he sleeps so much!  Twelve hours.  Troubled sleep, sweating into his sheets, tossing and turning and screaming...he is so unhealthy.  Takes too many pills and god knows what else.  She wonders for the millionth time, is he a junkie?

"I'm making eggs!  Do you want some?" she asks cheerfully as he collapses on the couch and turns on the TV.  

"Sure.  Hey sorry I freaked out.  I'm a bear in the morning.  I hate being woken up but I guess I was laughing.  I dreamed someone told me a joke and I couldn't stop laughing."

"It's ok" she smiles as she butters toast and pours him coffee.  "What was the joke?"

He seems to think for a moment and then shrugs.  "Something about a woman killing her husband."

She raises an eyebrow but is used to his brand of humor.  Always a little dark.  She brings him coffee the way he likes it.  Black with a spoonful of honey.  She wonders if he got high in the bathroom?  Long sleeves cover his arms. When he grows talkative it is usually from chemicals.  Oh well, he will get better.  He will change.  No one can do drugs forever.  And he is starting to smoke more pot.  That will help.

They eat breakfast and she tries to get him to accompany her to a flea market downtown.  Maybe.  As usual, 'maybe' is all he commits to.  They share a gram sized nugget of Mendocino in her glass bong.  If he is not stoned he barely eats anything but candy.  His body is so lean but she loves it.  Sparse, human form like something drawn from an anatomy art class.  So unlike her form.  Her form has too much spilling out here and there.  But he is always kind to her about that.  Unlike the others that offer diets or types of exercise.  He has never suggested anything demeaning.  He accepts her the way she is.  She smiles at this thought as he eats the breakfast she cooked for him.

He lazes on the couch and stares at the TV while she washes up.  Such a bachelor this guy!  If she doesn't wash the pan it will sit there until she comes back. So she washes it and all the dishes.  When she is done she searches his bookshelf for something to read.  Lots of boring books on astronomy and physics.  Computer programming language manuals and his love for ancient Greek and Roman history.  She loves fiction and this collection is sparse.  Besides a few science fiction books by Philip K. Dick, there is not much here.  But then she spots a copy of The Great Gatsby and pulls it out.  

A movie edition themed book starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow.  Heh.  Never would peg him for this but he has a lot of leftover books from college.  She opens and sees a stamp from some San Francisco book place called Dogeared Books and a price of $1.00.  She flips through the amazing movie stills with Robert Redford and an old photograph slips out.  She looks at it.  A picture of a girl.  Instantly she knows what she has in her hands.  Kim.  

It has to be.  The girl in his dreams.  The ghost in his heart.  The girl reclines casually on a couch smoking a cigarette.  And she's a blond.  Of course she is, sighs Sera.  God this girl is so thin and perfect looking.  Perfect hair, perfect makeup and perfect tits.  Sera studies the perfect pose as the girl looks up and meets the camera with intensely blue eyes.  Her wide, generous mouth is slightly parted like she is about to speak.  Her lips are shiny from candy red lipgloss.  It's just not fair, thinks Sera.  Girls like this are just fucking cruel and evil.  She looks kinda punk but has a formal feminine quality about her.  This look is not just thrown together as the picture implies.  The effect is a studied and practiced approach that Kim learned over the years.  How to bewitch men.  

Like him...

Sera looks across the room at the couch where he sits probably wasted on drugs though she is never 100% sure.  He stares vacantly at the TV.  Just watching, but not comprehending.  Is this the cause of the distance she always senses in him?  It must be.  I mean look at her.  It's fucking not fair!  

I'm so fat and gross.  

Seeing the picture shatters Sera's heart into a million pieces.  She slides it back into the book, places it back on the shelf and wipes her eyes.

"I'm leaving."

He doesn't even look up.  

"Ok.  Call me later.  Maybe after you go to the flea market thing.  Lets get something to eat."

"Ok."  He doesn't notice my tears.  He never notices me.

Sera leaves the sudden sorrow inside the apartment for the fresh air on her face outside.  The door slams louder than she has ever slammed it before.  Did he even look up, she wonders?

The bartender was weary of Melo and Dev when they walked in.  The street imparts a greasy, lived in look to their ragged clothing.  Plus a weariness in their faces and eyes.  He could kick them out based on the old No Shoes, No Shirt, No Service rule.  The man is wearing only a vest which technically is not a shirt and the girl is barefoot.  But hell, it's a lovely day.  The owners are not here to hassle him so screw it.  Plus a tall kid, all in black just walked over and hugged them both like old friends.  He invites them to a table.  

The street guy in the vest sits next to a short, solid looking bald kid in scuffed boots.  A blue flannel covers a Mickey Mouse t-shirt underneath.  He has a safety pin shoved through his nose.  Everyone knows this guy.  His name is Jason and he sells cocaine at the Warfield.  Super friendly kid, a great tipper and usually the loudest asshole in the room.  The tall one in the studded, black leather jacket has a long, black mohawk pulled into a ponytail.  This guy is a student and sometimes comes in with his homework as his friends drink and play pool.  Very quiet and just sort of fades into the background.  He sits next to the beautiful blond with dandelion hair.  Everyone in the bar has notices her.  Purple and blue eyeliner make her blue eyes glow unnaturally bright.  She's dressed in a plaid miniskirt, black tights and tall combat boots.  Her crop shirt is ridiculously tight and revealing.  When she stands up to order at the bar all the males watch.  They start at her low cut top and then their eyes pour down her smooth belly past the gold belly chain that dangles off tantalizing hips that swish back and forth as she walks.  
And fuck, what an ass.  

The short homeless girl seems drunk already.  Wobbly, slurring and unsteady.  She leans against the blond and gets up only to dump more change in to the CD jukebox and plays the same damn song over and over.  Linger by the Cranberries.  She catches me staring at her as she bums a drag from the blond's cigarette.  She blows a perfect smoke ring and as the halo frames her eyes, she winks at me and says "Time to wake up."

The alarm rips Steve out of the dream and he groans, hungover and head full of sand and beer.  In the darkness he finds the glowing numbers displaying the ungodly hour of 5:10 am.  He turns off the alarm.  His wife stirs next to him.

"Gotta go honey" he whispers and kisses her temple as she scrunches beneath the blankets.

"Have a good day" she groans.  Then she turns towards him as he pulls on his t-shirt.  "You ok?  You were talking again."

"Yeah I was dreaming..." he yawns while rubbing face, "My old job in San Fran.  Remember I was working at Shotwells when we met?  Sometimes I dream of the people that used to come in.  Kinda inspires me to paint."

"You should honey.  After work I'll have Charlie napping and you can sneak in and go to your studio.  All those sketches you have need to be painted.  With a little luck, you can sell some more."

Steve looks at his wife and smiles in the dark.  

Already twenty-five minutes have ticked by.  But Sera is crying.  The release is needed because her face in the world is a huge, beaming smiley face.  The happy-go-lucky fun, fun, fun, girl.  The one to bring your problems too.  The one that will help you out anytime.  The one who will be your friend in your hour of need even though you have ignored her phone calls inviting you to the movies for weeks.  The amount of Kleenex she uses here is testament to the power of Dr. Sawyer.  

Dr. Sawyer is the sort of woman Sera yearns to be.  Assertive, yet kind.  Comfortable, yet open.  So far all Sera has achieved in life is being open.  And being open has let others come in and hurt her.  So here she is.  Thank goodness her insurance covers these sessions.  Sera loves the forty-five minutes because her old therapist just gave her pills.  Dr. Sawyer pokes and prods and tries to understand.  Even though she pays for this, Sera is grateful.  

No one else bothers to know her.

"So how is your boyfriend Donald?  You told me last week he was fired from his waiter position at Dave and Busters for taking too many sick days" says Dr. Sawyer.

"Yeah.  I guess he didn't want to go to work during March Madness.  He loves college basketball.  But we broke up.  I haven't seen him for awhile."

"Really?  And who initiated this?"

"Oh I did.  He's jealous and I don't know, after he borrowed the money you told me not to loan him, he got weird" muses Sera.  

"Weird?"

"Yeah.  He hates my friend.  I told him that you know, we have been intimate and he couldn't deal.  But after he got the money you were right.  He just disappeared.  Probably gambling, I don't know.  So I decided I don't need him."

"And what about the $500 Sera?  Did you at least get anything in writing?"

"No.  Just gave him a check."

Dr. Sawyer smiles and reaches over and squeezes Sera's hand.  "Well Sera, it is money.  It is a principal.  But if you don't care, I won't make it anything bigger than that."

"I don't care.  Now I have something to ask him if he calls and I don't feel like hearing his bullshit.  I don't need him."    

"You don't need him because of your friend?  Sera, remember we talked about how your friend is interfering with YOUR happiness?  How he just uses and takes but offers nothing in return?  Do you recall that conversation?" asks Dr. Sawyer in her mellow, slow voice.

"Yes.  I know" sighs Sera.  "I get it but...I just want him to be happy.  He has everything.  He has-"

"Everything that he has are qualities you assign to his personality.  These are your versions Sera.  Does he truly live up to these standards?  You said he is distant and closes you off.  You worry he might be a drug addict.  He is obsessed with a woman from his past.  Sera, is this the ideal person for you?  Or is this you trying to help someone who doesn't want help?  Sure he will take it.  You have allowed him to use you and from our sessions, he uses you frequently.  But besides the sex, what are you getting out of this arrangement?"

Sera stares at Dr. Sawyer.  She understands every word for she is not a fool.  But her heart doesn't care.  Who cares about the right choice?  The smart choice?  How come no one understands sometimes there is only one choice?  She can be there for him, hold him up when he needs it.  And one day, when he finally wakes up from his nightmare, he will see her.  And he will be happy.    

But instead she smiles at her therapist and nods.  "Ok.  I know."

And the sampled Buddhist chime bell sounds from her computer timer signifying forty minutes has passed.  The last five minutes is to gather yourself which Sera begins to do.  She blows her nose and sips the Fiji bottled water they serve here.

"Sera" says Dr. Sawyer quietly, "you must move on and do what is right for you. You are a person with needs.  You cannot solve his problems.  That is his job."

"Ok" nods Sera.  

Dr. Sawyer stares at her trying to give the message some weight. Uncomfortable, Sera changes the focus and uses the same trick the therapist uses when she tries to validate her love choices.  She picks something new and asks an open ended question.  

"I like your new painting" says Sera looking at the art on the wall by the window.
 
Pub setting.  A long bar, dotted with many beer taps stretches towards the back where a pool table stands.  But the focus is on a table off to the right with five patrons.  Two men conspire together at the front of table.  Behind them, against the wall, a shadowy man in black sits up straight and stares off at nothing.  A blond woman next to him follows his gaze.  Next to the blond is mousy little brunette smoking a cigarette who seems to look straight out of the painting at you.  The effect is eerie.  Her face is child-like and her feet appear bare.  She stares through a barely visible smoke ring.

"Oh yes!  You noticed that hmm?  It's called The Dream Storms."  Dr. Sawyer smiles.  She collects paintings and is very conscious about design and color.  Sera knows this and sits back in her chair sipping bottled water anticipating the next patient will have a slight delay in scheduling.

"I fell in love with this piece when I saw it at a Rolfo Gallery downtown.  They had two works left from a new painter named Steven Cumis.  They say he's truck driver for grocery stores but all of his paintings are from his bartending days in San Francisco" smiles Dr. Sawyer.  "To be honest, Sera I love the way these kids look.  That time in life when you have to display to the world how you feel.  I was going to Berkley in the 80's and this piece just evokes that feeling of being free with all the time in the world.  When I saw it I had to buy it."

Sera has this power.  You find that piece people carry around like a tiny trophy.  You hint about it, draw it out and next thing you know they are lost in their happiness.  Sera knows she has the good doctor when she puts away her notepad and pen and starts talking.

"Oh the imagery and subjects are so powerful!  I tell you Sera, this guy won't be driving trucks for long.  Look at the young girl staring right out the painting!  Amazing focus!"

"Yeah" agrees Sera.  But she is no longer looking or thinking about the painting.  

She knows she will call him simply because he asked her too.  But at least he'll answer the phone.  Are other people this helpless?  The world keeps spinning and Sera holds on.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3d3lvb/the_dream_storms/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-16 12:28:02, # COMMENTS: 33, SCORE: 71
TITLE: The Third Wheel, POST BODY: "I'm going straight edge" says Jason opening up his Boy Scout Trailblazer knife.  "This is my truth!" He slices diagonally across the back of his hand wincing as the skin tears.  "And this is my conviction!" He slices himself again creating a bloody X.

"Ow dude!" says his neighbor and best friend Kyle who watches in mild disgust.

Blood drips on the driveway.  They sit in the shade between Jason's parents's cars.  A Mercedes and and an Astrovan.

"A little blood for the cause!" smiles Jason proudly as he admires his work.

"That is nasty" says Kyle staring at the dripping blood.

"I'm fucking straight edge Kyle.  No more trips to the city for meth or weed.  No more-"

"What about cigarettes?  Or coffee? Those are drugs" asks Kyle.  "Or chocolate.  Hey!  What about your asthma inhaler?"

"Man fuck you!  You cynical stupid freshman fuck!  Hand that me that paper towel."

"Alright peace dude...hey can your mom still give me a ride home after baseball practice tomorrow?"

"Yeah" says Jason glaring at him.  Kyle does not seem to be sharing the monumental importance of this decision.

"Can I have your wizard bong?" asks Kyle.  "I mean, you know, cause your straight edge and shit."

"Yeah.  Ok" says Jason as realization sets in.  

He loves the wizard bong.  Everyone loves the wizard bong.  The Wizard!  How many awesome skate sessions began with The Wizard?  But fuck it!  

"So that's it huh?  You're out?"

"Yeah man.  Tried it all" muses fifteen year Jason old in his Black Sabbath t-shirt.  "Weed, acid, shrooms-they're ok Kyle.  But the speed is a nightmare.  Coke is good.  But you always want more.  And alcohol!  That's the one to watch man.  Look at our parents."

"What about heroin?  You never tried that" points out Kyle.

"What?" asks a visibly annoyed Jason who does not like being interrupted during dramatic speeches in the driveway.  "Are you insane?  Heroin?  Fuck.  Do I look stupid?  Plus needles?  Fuck that!"

"...fuck that...fuck that..."

Jason opens his eyes and see's his roommate's evil girlfriend standing over him.  One of her eyes is boldly traced in black eyeliner like a two dimensional Egyptian hieroglyphic.  A quarter of her hair is platinum blond while the rest is dyed black.  The effect is startling and he unconsciously flinches.  

"Scare ya?" she asks seemingly pleased at his discomfort.  "You're bleeding.  You banged that shit huh?"

Jason rubs his face.  He senses he was gone for awhile.  Usually he is not this sloppy but lately he has been doing more.  Just a little more.  He finds the needle on the floor and picks it up.

"Look Kym" Jason begins, "I'm a private guy-"

"No you're not!  You always have to be the star of attention in the room.  That's why you hate me.  You're like high school girls all over again.  Look I saw you passed out, bleeding and moaning.  Just thought I'd nudge you with my foot before I went out."

Jason laughs and sits up.  "Fuck alright, alright.  Thanks.  I must have passed out or something."

"Yeah" says Kym staring intently at him.  "Or something."

"Look I think we got off on the wrong foot.  Truthfully I thought you'd just bone and leave.  So sorry if I acted like-"

"A fucking asshole?  And 'bone and leave?!'  What the hell is wrong with you?" huffs Kym.  

"Hey" says Jason, "you guys got a thing going on and that's great!  But remember Kym, he was mine first."

"Aww that's so sweet in a repressed, homosexual cowboy sort of way" smiles Kym.

"Say what you want girlie but me and him watch out for each other.  We're tight.  That came out weird but you know what I mean."

Kym laughs and sits next to Jason.

"Well, I know I can come off a little rude sometimes" admits Kym as she lights a cigarette.

"Just a tad" confirms Jason.  

He fishes out a half burnt blunt from his cigarette pack, lights it and offers it to Kym.  She takes a lungful of smoke, hold the smoldering blunt under her nose and snorts in the smoke.

"Nice...thanks" she says exhaling.

"You know I never really thanked you for that shit at Mr. Maru's" says Jason hitting the blunt.  "I can't believe I'm getting my ass kicked and people just watch.  You were the only one that reacted.  That fucking steroid Boy George guy will never forget you!  I can't believe you put your smoke out in his fucking eye!"

"Oh c'mon now.  I didn't put my cigarette out in his eye" says Kym taking another hit.  "I put it out on his face."

"Not the way I'm gonna tell it!" says Jason exhaling.  "But thanks.  That crazy tranny was gonna kill me."

"Hey anytime" says Kym as she stares into shifting cloud of smoke hanging in the still morning air.

Jason looks at the needle.  This was the third?  Maybe fourth time he used it?  It felt dull that's for sure.  Time to get rid of it.  Fragments of his dream tumble past as he tries to recall how many rigs he has left in the box.  

Kyle.  He was dreaming about his old neighbor.  He was dreaming about quitting... 

"Where do you get needles?" asks Kym.

"Why?  Look don't mention this.  Just keep this in the vault ok?" says Jason.  "That guy's got enough to worry about.  I mean he hides the rent money in the fucking light fixture."

"Ok.  Fair enough.  I'll keep it in the vault if you tell me where to get needles."

Jason narrows his eyes at Kym.  "Well ask Dev but-"

"You can keep this one in the vault for me ok?  Because you're right.  He does worry too much."  Kym opens her purse and starts counting out cash.  "Can you get me an extra bag?  What are they?  Like $60?"

"No.  The powder is $80.  I can get tar for like $65."

"That'll do.  Here."  Kym hands him cash.

"Maybe tomorrow?  Maybe tonight?" shrugs Jason.

"Cool.  Well, I'm out of here.  Don't wanna be late for my first day" says Kym standing up and checking her face in the mirror by the door.

"Damn girl!  You've been here for a week and you already got a job?  Where?"

"Canon Cafe over in Union.  That's why I gotta go.  Don't wanna miss the BART.  Take care...and remember.  Vault!" she says.

Kym slams the door and Jason listens to her platform heels stomp down the stairs. He shakes his head.  He knew that girl was trouble.  He washes the dried blood off his arm and notices his old scar.  The X.  

The blood offering.  

Jason wakes up in the dark.  Mozart plays from another room and he knows his roommate is home.  He often listens to classical music when he studies which Jason found annoying at first.  Jason's parents rammed Mozart down his throat with piano lessons and they played it constantly during the math tutor sessions.  Just the sound of the Piano Concerto No.24 gives Jason flashbacks of arcane looking algebra formulas from high school.  To combat this aural rape, Jason showers with the door wide open blasting World up My Ass by the Circle Jerks.  Kym left a boombox in the bathroom for her hour long shower sessions.  At first Jason complained about it on principal but now he enjoys it.  Not everything about Kym sucks.  Plus showers feel so much nicer when you know your pissing off someone trying to study.

Freshly showered and dressed Jason smokes a bowl but already feels the first pangs of withdrawal.  Just a touch but it's already working it's way up his back like a demon rope climbing up his spine.  His roommate has all his books and notes spread out across the kitchen table.  He puts down his pen and looks up at Jason. His eyes are hopeful.  Jason sighs.  As a drug dealer, Jason knows this look well.

"Hey man.  Did you score?"

"What?  No Hi honey!  How was your day BABE?" mocks Jason getting a Coke out of the fridge.

"Hi honey.  How was your day?"

"Great babe!" belches Jason.  "Saw your woman.  She's spooky man.  You know we don't know anything about her.  Like the wedding right?  What if she wasn't on a day pass from rehab?  What if it was a day pass from an insane asylum?  Or prison?"

"It's a distinct possibility" nods his roommate.  "So...?"

Jason sighs.  Banter is over.  He pulls out two small bags and one fatter one.  Double checks them and then slides them across the table.  Two grams of China and an eight-ball of coke.

"Fuck yeah" says his roommate opening up the bags.  "Wanna speed bump?"

Jason watches as he starts to mix heroin and cocaine into little lines.  But Jason declines and unconsciously rubs the crook of his arm.

"Naw.  I gotta go get ready.  I'm supposed to meet some people at Slims later tonight."

"Oh?  Get ready?" asks his roommate giving him a meaningful look.

"What dude?" asks Jason.

"I know what your up to.  Let me watch."

A cloud passes in the path of the sunlight flowing through the window.  The shadow moves from Jason to his roommate.  When they both stand in the gloom, Jason glumly agrees.

"You only do this with tar?"

"You can do it with anything.  I prefer it over bumps but bumps are fun" says Jason as he ties himself off.  

The little ant bite wounds on his arm are getting more noticeable.  For a month he rotated and let them heal.  Now the bruising is obvious.  The pathways of red dots tracking across bruised flesh is more distinct too.  His roommate watches quietly as he cooks up a shot.  Jason is surprised he doesn't grab his notebook and take notes.  This guys always so damn serious which makes this lesson dangerous.  This feels so wrong.  

His friend is not like this...but then again, who is?

"Just a half shot to keep me good until later" says Jason.

"Shouldn't you alcohol swab the injection site?"

"What are you a fucking phlebotomist?" mutters Jason as he guides it in.  He looks up and see's his roommate staring intently.  Shit.

The blood blossoms poppy red in the rig and Jason sighs as he slowly pushes it in.  Mmmm.  Just a little.  Just enough, smiles Jason.

"Dude.  DUDE!"

Jason opens his eyes.  His roommate is standing in his room.

"What?" asks Jason.

"Give me a shot.  Smaller though.  I don't want to pass out."

"I passed out?" asks Jason.

"Yeah man.  I went and did some homework and came back when I heard you humming."

"Humming?"

"Yeah you're humming along to Mozart."

"Fuck me" laughs Jason.  He rubs his face and looks at his roommate.  "Are you sure?  I mean it's up to you dude but it's..."

"Like more intense right?" finishes his roommate.

Jason thinks about the word.  Intense.  It fits.  The high is more intense.  But so is the price.  And the pain...the pain is a lot more intense.

"I don't know man" says Jason.

"C'mon.  You said it's better right?"

Jason shakes his head staring at the floor and sighs.

"Ok but it is ALL on you.  Understand?  YOU are doing this.  NOT me."

"Sure" shrugs his roommate.

An hour later Jason is looking at his roommate laying on the floor staring up at the ceiling in mute astonishment.  Fuck this was wrong, thinks Jason as he picks up the bloody toilet paper and cleans up the mess his roommate made.  He insisted on alcohol wipes, antibiotic ointment and even a fucking bandaid.  How long will he be that formal?

"Whoa...the Universe is expanding" says his roommate.

"You feel good?" asks Jason as cooks up another shot for himself.  Just a little one.  Just enough to catch up with his roommate's high.

"I feel everything...this is amazing" sighs his roommate.  

Jesus thinks Jason.  He looks so fucking happy his eyes are tearing up.

Jason thinks about Kym and their conversation earlier.  But this dumb fucker on the floor going on about the universe also swore him to secrecy.  

"Please Jase.  Just don't tell her I shot up.  She might freak out.  I don't want her to know ok?"  

Secrecy.  How is it secrecy when they both have the same secret?  Idiots.  So tired of them.  Tired of how they always stare at each other.  Tired of how they always leave him in bars or parties to go fuck.  Tired of them always slipping away into own their little world...But when they need drugs they come find me.  Fuckers.  
Fuck this, thinks Jason.  They are the same damn creature.  We all are.

"Dude" says Jason...but his voice sounds weird.  Like far away and faint.

"Yeah...man...?"

"We are all a bunch of fucking junkies.  You.  Me.  Kym.  Kym came by and she...she..." sighs Jason and then he looks up.  The ceiling.  A light.  Darkness.  

Nothing.  

Jason looks at the ground.  His roommate is gone.  The sun is gone.  The moment is gone.  

Gone.  , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3diys3/the_third_wheel/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-20 01:36:48, # COMMENTS: 38, SCORE: 76
TITLE: The Second Wheel, POST BODY: Kym drives us south down Route 101 blasting the Circle Jerks.  We cruise through the Peninsula while Jason navigates.  He grew up in the area and knows the roads.  We're heading to a club called The Edge.  Jason is going to score some coke and MDMA powder.  I'm going because it's something to do.  Kym wants to check out the club.

"I should warn you, I LOVE dancing" says Kym as she snorts coke from her pinky fingernail. "My friends say I go insane when I lose myself to music."

"Wait.  You have friends?" shouts Jason from the back.

Kym flips him off in the rearview.

The Edge is one of the few 18 and older clubs on the Peninsula so it's crowded on a summer night.  New Order cranks from inside as we filter into the club and Kym begins to attract attention.  These moments are new to me.  I know she is beautiful but to see it in the eyes of society makes me ponder, Why me?  Growing up I was the awkward one in class, the last one picked for sports and the girls didn't talk when I was around.  

Kym is a platinum blond.  She wears a long, form fitting black dress with bell sleeves and white trim.  Her new combat boots compliment her style but I know they are killing her feet.  Around her neck, she wears the same slender spiked collar she had on when we met.  Dark, purple eyeliner is smeared around her blue eyes with matching lipstick.  She blends easily into the mostly goth crowd.  Men pop out the shadows, touch her arm as if to lead her away and ask silly questions as we walk in.  She nods and smiles them away.  Most just stop and stare.  Sometimes in front of their girlfriends.  Because of this, Kym gets a lot of cold, catty stares from females which must hurt.  But if it hurts, she doesn't show it.  I can tell she is used to attention.  I don't feel jealousy but I am in awe.  Just like the other men, I find myself stopping and staring.  We find a table and Jason wanders off to find the dealer.  I go use our drink tickets to get soda.  When I come back two guys are chatting up Kym who looks bored and smiles at me.

"Hey babe.  This is Mike and Tony."

"Matt" says the larger one in a suit.

"Yeah ok" says Kym giving me a wink.  "Ok guys, see you later!  Me and my boyfriend need some quiet time.  I'm sure you understand."

Matt smirks at me but they leave.  We can still smell him for a few minutes after he leaves.  

Jason comes back.  Business concluded.  The Mexican dealer stops to introduce himself to Kym, totally ignores me, gives her his phone number and then leaves.  We do some more coke bumps.  The Cure's In Between Days comes on and Kym stands up.

"I gotta go" she smiles at me.

We watch her walk away.  A mystical energy fills her body and it goes limp in mid-step.  Then, as her other boot touches the dance floor she ignites and radiates rhythm and music.  The song is loud but we hear her howl as she throws herself into the crowd.

"Wow.  She is coked out of her skull" says Jason.

It's like her soul burst free and is engulfing her body with rhythm.  Her dance is in time, in tempo and erotic because she is wildly angelic under the swirling, rainbow club lights.  People watch Kym, slip into her energy and she dances with everyone.  Men and women are drawn to her power.  Then she bursts free and dances alone.  I catch her eye during one of her twirls.  I see pure madness in the sea blue stare.  

Fuck, maybe Jason is right.  Whatever is dancing is way more than just Kym.

"Dude.  Schizophrenia manifests itself in many forms."

I laugh.

Looking at the Peninsula crowd, I see a lot of new jackets, sharp t-shirts and shiny boots.  Mostly students under 25.  I realize Jason and I stick out.  We look city.  Dirtier and grimier.  Half of Jason's leather jacket is street scuffed from when he jumped out a Mexican drug dealer's car.  The Edge has a lovely safe, mellow vibe.  But then again, Jase dumped MDMA in the last gulp of my Sprite and everything is starting to feel lovely.      

As Ministry's Everyday is Halloween ends the DJ comes on.  "Hey this is Big Rick Stuart doing a LIVE broadcast from The Edge here in Palo Alto!  Make sure you come down for Two for Tuesday!  This one's for my special friend Kym and she requests it for her cosmic lover - Whoa Kym!  And just a quick reminder, any of you can be my special friend for more $5 tips!  Hey!  You are on Live 105!"

I shoot Jason a distressed panicky look who laughs as Blondie's Pretty Baby comes on.  "You forgot to tell her you don't dance." 

Kym emerges from the dance crowd.  She walks slowly mouthing the opening lines and swaying her body suggestively.  I blame the drugs but I take her hand and follow.  I am terrified of dancing.  Her arms lock around my neck and her blue eyes peer into the well of my soul.  Everything blurs away but Kym.

"Thank you.  I was afraid you'd leave me standing there and I wasted five bucks" she says in my ear.  "This song reminds me of you..."  she bites my ear and licks my neck.

Kym is kind and slow dances with me for the most part but when she steps back and cuts loose I stop to stare until she returns to my arms.  And I know how amazing it is to be alive.  Tumbling through the dark cosmos of creation to this very moment.  

And man, I hate dancing.

We are kissing deeply when she drags me off the floor.  Before I know it we are laughing and walking through the parking lot.  In the car beautiful things happen.  The steamed windows drip with our body heat.  I lay there spent as she slips back into her dress.

"Get Jason.  Let's go" urges Kym kissing me.  Fuck I am drowning in her energy.  I want more.

Inside, Jason sits glumly and visibly pissed.  Jase doesn't dance either.  A guy with a spiked mohawk nursing a coke and looking around as they blast Morrissey is an awkward thing.  When he spies me and he gets up and walks out the door.

"Why are you sweaty-fuck never mind" he says getting into the car.  "It smells like the Lusty Lady in here" he complains as he lights a cigarette and feels the backseat suspiciously.

Back home Kym whispers amazing things in my ear.  Her breath on my neck does something savage and primal in me.

"Why waste words when I can show you?" she suggests as she disappears into our room.

I jog to kitchen, grab the whip cream, hunch over to hide my erection and peer around the corner to Jason who sits on the couch.

"Well?" he says.  "I taped it.  You wanna smoke this bowl and watch?"

For a second I'm confused.  Then I remember.  Jason tapes X-Files so we can watch it later.  I feel bad but my skinny brain down below is yelling HURRY UP!

"Oh yeah. Sorry Jase but you know..." I head gesture down the hall.

"Oh" he says looking mildly disgusted.

"C'mon at least it's not Mary" I smile.  "Hey can you get us two?  And an 8-ball?"

"You want fries with that?" deadpans Jason.

I thank him weakly and job back to my heavenly garden.

The alarm screams me alive at the ungodly hour of 5:00 am.  Fucking breakfast shift in the dish room AND chemistry lab.  I sit up and see Kym's nude body next to me.  Suddenly, I feel a whole lot better.  Life is a wealth of pleasure.  Every moment spent on the Earth is a fucking miracle.  And my god!  Look at that ass...

In the shower I count maybe four hours of sleep.  Today will be rough.  But I'd gladly pay ten times this pain for half of last night's pleasure.  I hit a bump of H for breakfast.  5:00 am is dark.  Like stars in the sky dark.  Birds still sleeping dark.  So I turn on the light and find Jason still on the couch.  He pops alert in the sudden shock of electricity.  I see him cover something with a pillow and pull down his long sleeve thermal.

I know he's shooting.  Melo told me because he was pissed that his girlfriend Dev has been using him to score.  Dev gets the needles and Jase gets the dope.  It's their open secret.  

"Mornin' beautiful" I say.

"Hey" he mutters.  "School?"

"Yup.  You watch X-Files?"

"Nah.  Wanna watch it tonight?" asks Jason.

"Ok."

"Cool.  Catch you later dude."

"Right" I nod walking out.

I get to the bottom of the stairs and do my check.  Wallet, keys and smokes...No smokes.  I get halfway up the stairs when I see the flash of a flame in the gauzy film of our living room curtains.  The flame burns much longer than you would need to light a cigarette.  I watch it sway back and forth.  To open the door at this point would be intrusive.  Quietly, I walk heel to wood all the way down in silence.  I can get smokes at Baymart.

Washing dishes is cruel, sweaty undignified menial labor.  But everyone needs a job and after tedium is food.  I am ravenous for protein.  My essence is drained into Kym's endless seas.  In chemistry I daydream about her body.  In high school, she played softball, basketball, water polo and ran track.  Like a well oiled machine her body outcompetes and destroys me.

The Muni bus gets me home and I do a reality check.  With one week of Kym I have fallen two papers behind.  Time to put in some work.  I play my St Martin-in-the-Fields Mozart CD, lament the fact I have no cocaine and begin.  There is a beauty and order to math that connects me to the Universe.  Like a cog tooth on a spinning gear, I know my part but can only guess at what role I play in the grand schema.  Then Jason wanders in.

Thankfully he scored.  The cocaine fuels my scholastic intensity.  Fuck Adderall!  I offer Jason some but he refuses.  Sad.  This was a given before injecting.  Curious, I start to pester him.  He knows I know...

"What dude?" asks Jason annoyed. 

"I know what your up to. Let me watch."  

He is hesitant but the door is already open.  I find him on the couch a lot.  TV on and Jason off.  I am silent during his demonstration.  This is way more enlightening than my chemistry lab.  I offer to get some alcohol swabs but he laughs.  

"What are you a fucking phlebotomist?" he mocks.

The heroin mixture is dark yet I can clearly see his blood enter the chamber.  I stare fascinated.  When blood enters the needle, Jase draws it back and forth as if to coax his life into the shot.  He slowly injects.  His eyes flutter out of focus and he sighs.  I watch him curiously.  He seems to be acting normal.  Putting away the needle and fidgeting around in his seat.  As he starts to sit up straight, his body suddenly goes limp.  Gone.  I poke him and his eyes open.  Jason is breathing but absent from his body.  

I go back to my paper.  Halfway done, I hear him moving around and finish citing my sources on Hubble.  When I hear him humming along to Mozart I put away my notes.  

My turn. 

"Ok but it is ALL on you. Understand? YOU are doing this. NOT me" says Jason giving me a grim look.

"Sure" I reply.

His defeated expression and raccoon-ringed eyes from lost sleep are stark and sad.  He does not look like Jase.  I suddenly feel the gravity of the thing we are about to do.  For a second I think of just backing out.  But I want to know what is beyond that curtain...

I make Jason promise me this is just between us.  No Kym.  I'll tell her later.  Let me try first.  This seems to make him cynical and moody.  I get ready for some sarcasm but instead he just shrugs.

Jason has a box with three needles in it.  All brand new.  I refuse an arm shot so he picks a smaller gauge needle he calls bee stinger. I argue for my foot but he persuades me to take a hand shot.  I look at at the clock.  I have maybe three hours for this transgression before Kym walks through the door.  

I go get some common sense.  We have a first aid kit from Jason's mom.  I take some alcohol swabs, Neosporin and bandaids.  More ominously, Jason gets toilet paper.  When I question him he says, "For your blood."

I make mental notes and do my repeater trick where I see and hear everything twice each time the speaker pauses.  I would write it down but I know Jason will get pissed if I take notes.  So I watch, listen and remember.  I clean myself with alcohol and get the antibiotic ointment and bandaid prepped because I don't know how fast the effects will be.  I barely feel anything as Jason guides in the shot.  I become entranced as my blood, my life source enters the needle and swirls into the opiate ichor.

Calmly, I dab Neosporin and bandage the injection site.  The calmness spreads.  I go from sitting on the floor to laying.  Waves wash over me.  The intensity is magnificent.  This is so much MORE than snorting or smoking.  I feel as if two large, loving hands caress my body with sonic surges of love.  The pleasures of the Universe.  My love spreads out into the cosmos.  So inky black beautiful...Jason is talking from a grassy hill far, far away.  I am asleep yet my eyes are open.  I dream, sleep and love with each labored breath.  Love...The Universe is growing.  

I can feel EVERYTHING.

Jason's threadbare brown apartment carpet he never vacuums is sooo comfortable.  Like a pillowy cloud.  Here I ponder my journey.  A star speck burning brightly.  I shower down over the Earth and dissolve in the sea.  Helios vaporizes me.  I become the clouds and drift across the Earth sky...I can see it and feel it and...

Nothing.

Awake.  

I look at my watch.  5:45pm.  I was out for more than two hours just laying there.  I get up wobbly.  Jason sits in his desk chair.  His head is slumped chin to chest.  His legs are limp and arms dangle.  I can hear him snore gently.  I wander out and close the door.

I shower and am drying myself when I hear Kym walk down the hall and into our room.  

"Hi!  How was your first day at Canon's?" I ask.

I open the door to our bedroom and am stunned.  She has transformed.  Another beautiful woman stands here.  As beautiful as the woman I left this morning but startlingly different.  Kym catches my astonishment and smiles.

"Well?" she asks.

And I get it.  Her hair.  I went to bed with a blond and now a raven haired beauty with just a slice of blond hair over right eye stands before me.  She slips into my arms and I smell coffee, gardenias, bubble gum, cigarettes and myrrh.  I look at her and wonder.  Maybe I never loved the other women in my life.  It certainly never felt like this.

"C'mon babe!" she urges me, "how do I look?  I worried all day what you would think!  I know men like blonds and-"

"Amazing" I say in a subdued whisper.  

The effects of the shot are lingering but Kym's energy in the room burns away the Darkness.  The guilt of my afternoon vaporizes as her arms encircle my neck.  She pulls me down to the futon and I think of the Darkness of the deep sea, the Darkness between stars and the Darkness that follows a shot of heroin.  

I am grateful for her Light., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3dx2xz/the_second_wheel/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-22 10:26:49, # COMMENTS: 51, SCORE: 66
TITLE: Temple of Greed: The Meeting, POST BODY: I get an email from Linda urging me to check Company Calendar.  So like a fool, I check.  Ah, a 9 am meeting.  Though she obviously has her claws in this affair, it is cryptically entitled 'Dave Status meeting.'  Dave is the Manager for User Design.  We work together but are separate entities.  Instantly I can smell the reek of office politics.  I spot Linda winding through the cubicle maze like a serpent.  She seems both surprised and displeased to see me at work on time today.

"Linda!  Good morning!" I exclaim cheerfully.  Always polite and always high.

"Oh, good morning" she responds stiffly.

"What's this meeting about Linda?"

"I'm sure I don't know.  Dave called it" Linda replies smugly as she folds her arms and turns her shoulders in case I lunge at her unprotected midsection.  There is defensive tone in her voice that forever annoys me.  It screams, None of your business!  

Now Linda is supposed to be my assistant.  I hired her.  But with my constant mental forays into substance abuse and fondness for sleeping off massive hangovers, she has pretty much taken over this corner of the cubicle kingdom.  

"Oh?  Well then I guess you can attend for our team then" I mention offhandedly.  

"What?" yelps Linda.  I feel her grand scheme growing annoyed with me.  "But this is a divisional meeting!  That would be a poor BUSINESS decision to not go."

"Oh I don't know" I yawn.  "Sounds vaguely personal.  Like a gripe session.  I have too much to do today."

"No.  We both are expected!  This is OUR responsibility to OUR employer!  Plus..." she adds triumphantly, "Daniel will be there."

I look at the confirmed column on the Meeting Attendance List.  Yup.  There he is.  Daniel Klein.  I don't like Daniel.  You need people like Linda and Daniel to actually run companies but as human beings, they are miserable goat-fucking, soulless swine.  

I smile at Linda.

"Looks like I'll see you at 9 am."  

I pop another blue.  This 30 mg of kindness will aid my condition which is looking rather shabby today.  I'm half asleep and like any acquaintance of the poppy will tell you, coffee just isn't enough.  I'm on my third cup.  The burning, acidic rot in my gut can attest to this.  I need a banana to soak up the gastric angst.  Maybe I'll find Rosie before the meeting.  I could use a line.  But Rosie's cubicle is empty.  Her assistant MItch smiles at me like the demented little twerp he is.

"Good morning!" he yells.  

I wince as Daniel Klein's office is across the threshold and his door is open.  I am too tall to hide in cubicle land.  So I hunch over and pretend to impart important news to Mitch.  He leans forward eagerly.

"Is Rosie in yet?" I ask quietly.

"NOT YET!"

I think of grabbing his tie and slamming his face into the desk but instead I smile.  

"Ok.  Thanks Michael" I say.

"Oh it's actually MITCH!.  I'm Mitch" he chirps.

"Yes.  Yes you are" I smile and I walk away.  

The meeting is in 12 minutes.  I go to my cubicle and prep my bullet.  I would snort here but Ben showed me how to watch the closed circuit security feeds.  Hunched over, I could be loading my stapler.  But railing bumps is a little more obvious.  And there are cameras everywhere but the restroom.  I take my loaded bullet into the can, find a stall and Pow!  Not much of a rush because I am conserving.  These are kind of lame.  I grab a little buzz.  Feel a little dulled but not enough to sigh after the snort.  Ah well, I march to the meeting.

Right away I sense a trap.  An ambush.  The people in the room are not my friends.  No one works for me except Linda who despises me.  I have zero support.  Most of the attendants are my Manager equivalents and then there is Daniel who stares at me because I am two minutes late.  Daniel is a Director which means he gets to act like a bitch in the meeting and everyone must kiss his ass.  But I will not rush snorting half a Roxy for Daniel Klein or anyone else on this miserable planet.  I take a seat and let them begin.  I suddenly realize not only is everyone in the room a complete fucking asshole, but I am completely wasted.  My brain floats on a balloon string at least three feet above my head.  I am pretty sure my pupils are pinned.

I look at Linda who has a shit load of material for someone who had no idea what the meeting is about.  I have nothing.  Not even a pad of paper to write on.  I feel like that loser kid in school that has to borrow a pencil and a piece of paper on the first day.

As they drone on and on about their glorified accomplishments and why nothing is ever their fault, I figure out what happened.  Linda cannot make me go to a meeting because I am a manager.  But if she gets another manager like Dave to call the meeting, it will pop up on my Calendar.  Snag a Director to attend the meeting and now I have to go.  

Clever bitch.  

Now she fires the first salvo.  Linda masterfully adds the non-existent MaximMotors contracts into the agenda.  This project sucks up her precious time making her late for Daniel Klein's Division reports...Wow.  Did Linda just tank a Director's timetable to highlight my mistake in this meeting? 

"I am so sorry Daniel" she says sincerely, "but without signed contracts I am guessing what our legal obligations entail."  

Yes.  Yes she just highlighted me.

Ah MaximMotors.  Another Rosie specialty.  Promised money for a promised product.  Neither exists.  But I like to keep my team busy and they can drop it faster when Rosie gets the contracts ironed out.  The clever thing to do right now is drop Rosie's name as she is not here.  She is also the Director in charge of the contracts and she told me to proceed.  

But alas, we share cocaine together.        

"Wait" says Daniel Klein looking at me, "this project has initiated yet you have no signed contracts?"

I shrug.

"What is this?!" demands Kolten Chambers.

Kolten Chambers is the new Content Manager from Germany.  Kolten doesn't talk.  He SHOUTS.  Everything he says sounds sinister.  But maybe that's just English as a second language and his harsh, barking accent.  I should be more open to people from other cultures.

"That sounds like a VERY bad way of doing business!" shouts Kolten looking at me while tsk-tsking and shaking his head in disgust.  

Nope.  Kolten is a sinister prick.

I suddenly feel trapped.  Eyes are on me.  Questions come one after another.  I totally blow a time estimate and receive a verbal drubbing from Daniel Klein.

"Two months!  Where did you get that figure?!  Hahaha!  That takes at least five months."

"Five months" chimes in some chinless fool wearing a bow tie.  

"With proper guidance you could launch in four and a half" booms Kolten.  "The key is preparation!  ALWAYS you must be prepared!"

Stunned, stupid and clueless on what we are discussing, I roll over.  Daniel mounts me in front of the meeting attendees and humps me viciously.  He rides me for failed schedules, crashed sites, shit I never realized and my lack of presence at the Manager luncheons.    

I dare not look at my watch in front of these frothing animals.  My weakness is already noted.  Anymore failings and they will tear me to shreds.  The wall clock bleeds minutes slowly as I suffer.  And the worse part about this whole thing - no meeting snacks.  No coffee, no bagels.  Nothing but the stink of my failures and the stench of my career's rotting corpse.

"I will need to see you in my office" says Daniel when the meeting breaks apart.

I follow him as my heart thumps.  Is this it?  If it is, do I care?  Maybe?  I do like my apartment and coming into work at 10 am and leaving after lunch...but maybe that is the problem.  I dry swallow the other half of the Roxy I snorted before the meeting.  Daniel Klein grimly parades me through the cubicle maze.  People look up...and then they look away. 

His office is as stark as his personality.  

"Do you like your job?" begins Daniel Klein blandly.

Sigh.  We hop through the hoops.  Of course I like my job.  Let me rephrase that.  I LOVE MY JOB!  I shall improve my attitude and performance.  OH YEAH!  Then I get three assignments to complete.  One is something I forgot about that Daniel assigned me when he joined the company.  Hell, maybe Linda did it.  The other two are impossible, bureaucratic nightmare spreadsheet tasks.  Yes I will do them!  Yes I am THRILLED to be here!  

Then I sign a piece of paper where I vow upon my synthetic soul to improve and mold myself to the core values of the corporation.  I feel vaguely ill as I sign the slip of paper.  I know what this is.  This is a paper trail to validate the growing opinion that I suck at my job.  This is an admission of my guilt.  This is evidence why they shouldn't have to pay Unemployment or give me my vested stock options when they finally make the move and throw me out.      

And the worst part is I have to shake Daniel Kline's cold, limp hand before I can leave.  It is like grasping the smooth scaly skin of a reptile.  
 
I finally meet Rosie for lunch.  She is wigging hard.  Sleepless nights barely hidden behind makeup, sunglasses and a shaky, unsteady hand.  She orders some sushi.  I watch her push around the raw fish around her plate, dip it in various sauces but not actually eat it.  I have some teriyaki salmon, rice, salad and green tea.  When they ask us to leave because Rosie starts smoking she seriously asks the waiter, "But I thought all Chinese people smoked."

"It's a Japanese restaurant" I point out as we exit.  

"Oh" says Rosie staring at something 1000 yards behind me.  "I am so tired.  I need some weed and some sleep."

But instead we do lines off her dashboard as business lunch customers walk by chatting about normal, boring business things.  Her car is on so we can enjoy air conditioning.  Someone waits for our spot as Rosie cuts me out another line.  I tell her what happened today and she laughs.

"You see!  You gotta go!" she winks as she snorts a comet trail of coke.  "You gotta play the game.  They are setting you up."

"Yeeeeaaaah" I exhale the word as the coke rush slams into me.  I wobble into the next dimesnion, hover and return with a thudding heart.  

"I hate that cocksucker Klein.  He keeps trying to cap my cost and wants spreadsheets on my sales expenses.  Fuck him!" growls Rosie as she lights another cigarette.  I take the half burnt one already going out of the ashtray and smoke it.

"You know what I'm gonna do?" asks Rosie.

"What?" I snort another line and stare at the people outside.  Normal people, not on drugs.  So weird...I feel like I'm watching from inside an aquarium.

"I'm giving you a promotion!  You are now my Content Manager!" laughs Rosie through wide, manic eyes.  She is clearly insane.

"But I already am a Content Manager" I point out.

"Yeah?  Now you're a SENIOR Content Manager.  Congratulations!  HR will be in touch for the paperwork and conditions on your raise.  Maybe I should make you take a drug test?" Rosie asks and then she throws back her head and starts howling.  I put on my sunglasses and ignore her.  

Rosie pulls out, clips the car next to us and drives off.  The guy waiting for the spot honks but Rosie drives off laughing.  She never looks back at the damage.    , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3e7h2g/temple_of_greed_the_meeting/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-23 13:32:08, # COMMENTS: 30, SCORE: 42
TITLE: Greetings &amp; M2K Dope Opera: This is Kym, POST BODY: hi-

i am getting a knee surgery Friday.  my third actually.  sadly i have learned though you totally tap into the Universal Light when you surf waves, as a species, humans did not evolve to ride surfboards.  i am paying for this youthful exuberance.

/u/dimeship wants a story a day.  i would LOVE that output.  like just purge my brain, type and SUBMIT.  but i can't.  especially when hobbled and hopefully very comfortable if you know what i mean.  but MAYBE i can do Flash Fiction set in the Kym, Jason, Dev Universe.  I wrote this in like 15 minutes on an iPad which is a bitch to type on.  there is no purpose to the story but it's fun to escape here. 

M2K Dope Opera: This is Kym

Vince is next level amazing with the math.  His face is still swollen behind his glasses where he got kicked in the face last night at the NOFX show.  It was his first time at the Gilman and I think he had a pretty good time.  

Vince explains to me how we use the parallax technique to gauge the distance to Mars.  Without his tutoring I would be lost and I am writing down everything that comes out of his mouth.  

And then the sonic canon fires a round of Kym into our space time continuum.    

"I HAVE RETURNED!" she yells triumphantly as the door bursts open.  

The room floods with light and Vince's photochromatic lenses turn dark as he looks up startled.  Kym swaggers in swinging her bag around, kisses me and checks out Vince.

"Hi there!" she beams.

"Oh!  Uh hello..." says Vince looking down at the table.

"Vince, this is Kym.  Kym, this is Vince."

"Oh the guy you and Jase took to the show that got into a fight with the security guys.  This is him?" asks Kym.

"Yeah look can you give us some peace Kym?  I need to know this by Thursday-"

Kym puts me in a headlock and yanks my face close to hers.  "You won't even know I'm here babe..." she whispers.

Then she winks at Vince and disappears down the hall.  Vince watches her walk away.  I don't blame him.  When he recovers his composure and we get back to the math.  Then we hear the opening bass lines of Queen's Under Pressure.  Vince looks around confused.

"Sorry but I hate rap music.  I was hoping never to hear it again in my life-wait.  It's different?  They made a singing one?"

I look at Vince.  Besides the bruises on a his face from the mosh pit he looks completely harmless.  An Asian guy, coke bottle glasses that turn dark in sunlight and he always wears dress shirts.  For some reason there is a ruler in his shirt pocket.

"You poor, ignorant foreign bastard" I sigh.

His eyes are behind me and I can hear Kym dancing around in the living room.  After work she often goes crazy for a while like a pent up animal and dances.  It is on of her peculiarities.  

"Babe!  You be David Bowie and I'll be Freddie Mercury ok?" she yells from the living room.

I sigh.  Between Jason and Kym there is never peace in this valley.  My homework sessions commonly spiral off to loud music and or drugs.  Kym bursts in and throws her arm around me and whips my head around as she lip-syncs, "...give love, give love, give love give love..." then she shares her fake microphone with me to join in on the chorus, "...cause love's such an old fashioned word and love dares you..."

Vince stares in awe as Kym belts out her favorite Queen song.  Then she opens a drawer, yanks out a sheet of foil and struts off snapping her fingers with the song.  It grows quiet and I can smell the vinegary tang from down the hall.  Well that should slow her down a bit.  

 "I apologize for that" I smile at Vince.  "She probably won't back.  Hopefully.  Anyways!  You were talking about the cosmic distance ladder..?", PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3ecpao/greetings_m2k_dope_opera_this_is_kym/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-25 16:10:51, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 30
TITLE: I live, POST BODY: Thanks for all the love Opiates.  You guys make me feel like I am connected to a vast world rather than just wrapped up with what goes on every day in front of me.  The wishes and shared stories really made my recovery bearable.  Because the fucking hospital didn't.  Stingy bastards. 

All you opiate eaters out there should know your tolerance sucks when they give you pain meds.  My surgeon gave me LESS than my primary doc.  I was like WTF.  He hates prescribing and only goes up to Oxy 5mg.  So I will be on a fucking taper soon. 

I think either the PST or abusing my friends stash of Roxys made the IV stuff useless.  I got 4 fent shots, 4 dilaudid, some lame aspirin one and 2 morphine. Obviously spread out but I felt NOTHING.  Closest was the nurse was in a hurry and quick pushed the dilaudid.  I felt that one.  So beware. If your getting surgery start suffering now. 

But fuck I'm alive and I live in a wonderful world with wonderful people like you guys.  Thanks a lot.   And keep writing or drawing or singing or whatever.  The art coming out of this sub is amazing.  It's like a hidden little gallery tucked away in the heart if the city.  

, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3elh3h/i_live/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-26 00:34:48, # COMMENTS: 17, SCORE: 18
TITLE: M2K Dope Opera: Jason Opens a Can of Beans, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3emute/m2k_dope_opera_jason_opens_a_can_of_beans/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-27 00:39:04, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 18
TITLE: M2K Dope Opera: The Ice Cube, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3eqoj9/m2k_dope_opera_the_ice_cube/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-28 14:37:24, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 37
TITLE: Perfect Together, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3exqot/perfect_together/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-30 01:13:07, # COMMENTS: 6, SCORE: 19
TITLE: A Visiting Gloom, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3f4oze/a_visiting_gloom/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-30 13:33:42, # COMMENTS: 20, SCORE: 27
TITLE: Better?-A Visiting Gloom, POST BODY: An alarm wakes me.  I hear Kym cursing loudly and the clock is violently subdued with several angry SMACKS!  Long slender arms slide around my torso, wrap like climbing ivy around my back as she nuzzles into me.  Her sleepy face is shoved into my neck for a blissful moment as she inhales my scent and then I inhale her sigh.  My lips are kissed.  Once, twice and three times.  Always three with Kym.  Three squeezes when we hold hands and three kisses Hello or Goodbye.  She pushes herself up and groans under the weight of last night's pharmaceutical activities.  

 It is 4:15 am.  Morning shift begins for Kym Amiri at the Canon Cafe located in Union Square.

 The door to our room is cracked open.  I hear Kym yawn loudly as she walks to the kitchen to make toast for the peanut butter and honey sandwich she takes for her BART commute breakfast.  Then she stumbles to the bathroom and SLAMS the door.  Light from the kitchen pours down the hall.  It outlines the shape of our bedroom door.  The door won't close because Kym's blanket is hanging over it.  The blending shadows create the illusion of a large, door-sized mola mola fish peering into our room.  I stare at it.  It stares back as if trying to decide whether or not to swim in.

 The blanket is drying on the door because of the beautiful, dumb luck of the Universe.  Or perhaps the glorious, well orchestrated plan of the Universe.  Your call.  But three nights ago, I stumbled into the apartment after a late night drinking session with Jason.  An urgent beeping sound greeted us.  The kitchen smoke detector.  Kym was nodded out under a blanket on the couch.  She was surrounded by pieces of torn foil, an ashtray, a pack of smokes and her lighter.  A lit cigarette was smoldering on the blanket and a foul, burning plastic stench filled the air.  I yelled something, Jason yelled something and I yanked the blanket off her.  Underneath was Kym.  Buck naked.  So Jason stood there gaping like a cod fish while I stamped on the smoking blanket while bellowing like a madman.  We poured beer from the leftover bottles on the table and it sputtered out.  Kym never bothered to wake up so I threw my jacket over her and ripped the batteries out from the smoke detector.  

 Naturally it was her favorite blanket.  Something about the perfect soft texture and appropriate aging needed to create an unmatched coziness...so Kym was upset about the beer.  

 "Better than burning to death like a dumb, fucking junkie" remarks Jason helpfully.

 The blanket is laundered a few times in an attempt to get rid of the burnt stench.  On the last wash, Kym didn't dry it long enough.  So now it hangs on the door and morphs into: The Mola Mola.

 I close my eyes and feel myself drift away.  Sleep...

 Last night we met Dev and Melo at Dunkin' Donuts to score some gel tabs for me and ecstasy for Kym.  Inside the pink walls of the donut chain, a delicious smell of fresh cooked pastries creates a cozy oasis on a cold San Francisco night.  We find a booth and make the deal.  Dev's hair has a few more ropey dreadlocks in it since the last time I saw her.  An autumn leaf is tangled in one.  Her faded, stained poncho is actually Melo's.  She wears it long like a robe and stands inside the folds like a psychedelic nun.  Sweat pants layered with black leggings keep her legs warm.  As usual, no shoes.  Just two silver toe rings on her street stained feet.  Melo wears a green, North Face parka he found in a dumpster.  The blood stain on the side doesn't bother him.  Curls of greasy, black hair sprout beneath the upturned bill of his Suicidal Tendencies hat.  Melo's alert brown eyes constantly move around the room.  

 Kym and I paint a different picture from our friends.  A picture of sheltered, privileged kids.  Freshly laundered clothing and continuous access to water, electricity and cable TV.  Our friends walked over from the park where they squat in a tent.  We took a taxi from the movie theater where we watched Twister.  

 The nights are getting cold so I wear a gray sweat jacket under my black leather for insulation.  The wind cuts through my jeans so it feels like my legs are naked when it hits.  I need two pairs of socks in my boots to keep warm.  My hood covers my freshly shaved mohawk to ward off the chilly bay wind.  

 Kym sits in the booth next to Dev puffing on a cigarette.  A puffy, black jacket with tiny brass locks hanging from it covers up her Bauhaus t-shirt she cut into a tight, form fitting crop shirt.  Jean shorts and fishnet tights cover her legs and one of her boots is rudely propped up on the table.  Her shoulder length, apple red hair looks street punk wild.  Like she electrocuted herself or stuck her head out the window of a car going 90 mph down Folsom street.  But as the guy who had wait an hour to get into the bathroom, I know this haphazard hair is actually a carefully designed project.  Bold eyeliner accentuates her wide blue eyes as she watches me count my tiny gel tabs.  The black eye she got from the mosh pit at the Rancid show is still very visible.  When she got elbowed at the Gilman I showered her with pity and affection.  Kym doesn't like pity.  She prefers to scowl at the world through her swollen eye rather than admit it hurts.  

 On Kym, a black eye looks insolent, rude and sexy.  Fuck the world and fuck you too!  I love it when she winks at me with it.

 "I'm gonna go check it out.  I don't know what I want to eat" muses Kym. "Babe what do you want?  I'm buying."

 "Uhmmm...two vanilla old fashioned, please."

 "That's so you!" mocks Kym stabbing out her smoke in the ashtray.

 "Yeah?  What are you getting?  Chocolate twisted?"  

 "Hah!  And I fuck this guy!" laughs Kym pointing her thumb at me as she walks off with Melo to check out the donut selection.

 Dev stares at my face.  I am used to this.  In the city where no one makes eye contact, Dev stands out like a giant though she is barely five feet tall.  Dev makes eerie, direct eye contact with everyone she speaks to.  It takes some getting used to in a place like San Francisco.  Here, you can feel totally alone in a BART station as one thousand people move by like a wall of schooling fish one city block long.  Their voices bounce off the tiled walls of the station.  Words not for you.  You stare at them as they swim by without acknowledging your humanity.  

 Dev absent-mindedly traces her finger across her tag: DevL.  It is carved onto every other table in this Dunkin Donuts.  If you make a top view map of Dev's tagged tables and connect them it forms an oval.  In her mind, this place is secured from the evil she protects the city from.    

 "Been dreaming of me Lover?" she questions me seriously.

 Dev is spooky for so many reasons.  This is definitely one of them.  I DID dream of her.  In this dream I was talking to her about dreaming and what it all meant.  She tried to tell me but the edge of the night melted away leaving me with only morning light.  I awoke as Kym nestled into me and the alarm clock screamed AWAKE!  

 The business of the day intrudes upon the realm of dreams.

 "Ok" I say lighting a cigarette.  "Why do you THINK you know that?"

 "Know?  I was there.  Don't you remember me in your dream?" she asks in her creepy, deadpan little girl voice.

 I sigh and exhale smoke.  Reality is such an overused concept.  In my reality, I have Kym to be loved, school to be finished and my dreams are nothing but dreams.  Now it intersects with Dev's reality.  A place where walking across the thread of her night's sleeping into my dreams is completely normal.

 "Nope", I lie.

 She smirks, reaches out and plucks the cigarette from my hand.  She smokes it slowly, watching me.  Dev doesn't give it back, so I light another.

 "Alright Dev.  Why?" I ask spreading my arms out before I lean back and try to look relaxed.

 "I'll tell you Lover.  But only  i-f  y-o-u  s-a-w  m-e...", she singsongs the last phrase like a childhood nursery rhyme.

 "Ok!  Maybe you were in a dream.  But I don't remember dreams Dev!  Too much pot...or smack or something!"

 "Good" smiles Dev.  "I wanted to talk to you, but you left.  I wanted to tell you the dead can come to you in dreams.  They might visit you in places with shadows.  You'll never see them Lover, but you will know they are there if you pay attention."

 My skin crawls as I watch her smoke my cigarette and talk.  Spooky girl.  I feel very, very cold like a shadow just winged over me.  I was thinking of someone.  I was thinking of Shea.  I was thinking of her funeral that we attended in Santa Cruz.  The open casket contained a doll that was not her...and the clothes picked out by her parents were wrong.  

 Not Shea.  No way man.

 Kym dumps a bag of donuts in front of me and a cup of coffee as she plops down.

 "What the fuck babe?  You look like shit."

 I watch the mola mola and listen to Kym get ready.  She plays David Bowie as she showers.  It's just loud enough to hear the the wail of the guitar from the song Heroes.  The sound blends mystically with the rhythm of the water.  I can't hear Bowie sing but his words come to me easily in the Darkness.  My body aches and my nose is a little runny.  I might be experiencing a slight withdrawal.  These comes to me more and more these days.  But I tell myself it's just a hangover.  A moth flutters in the crack of the door light.  It skitters past the mola mola.  I can't tell if it just flew into the room or left.  I watch the crack of light a moment longer and then flip over.  

 Will the mola mola come inside if I'm not looking?  I hope so.

 Shea.  We were so young when we discovered each other.  Flirting with me at thirteen in the arcade.  Aladdin's Castle at the mall.  Friends in high school but never closer than that kiss you gave me for beating you in a game of Joust...so clear in my mind right now.  You standing on my Vans, tip toeing up and planting one on my surprised lips.  We knew each other in the social circles of high school and once or twice afterwards in college.  It's not fair.  You died at 19.  Time stopped for you.  We have already move six months past you.  Soon it will be years Shea.  And you?  The light and laughter you brought to the room is muted beneath the weight of six feet of cold dirt and a harsh, fucking reality.  

 It's not fair.

 You should have moved out to the city.  You were smart.  You tutored me in sophomore geometry.  Remember me Shea?  The tall kid you called Stork.  The kid you shared your Walkman headphones with in detention?  I can see our heads pressed close so we could listen to The Damned tape you swiped from your brother.

 Poor Shea.  I hope you felt nothing.  I hope you saw nothing.  I hope your life clicked off like a light switch.  I hope that fucker that was driving burns forever in this Hell he has created.  And if I ever see him in the city...

 You should have have moved here Shea.  It's your scene.  You could have done so much more.  Fuck, I can't believe you're gone...I can still see you and hear you in my head.  Your light is so bright...Fuck.  I mean, it WAS so bright.  The mischievous smile you wore.  Like you knew something funny no one else knew.  Loved that look.  And your dark, flashing eyes, so full of life...

 I feel Kym moving onto the bed.  I lay there pretending to sleep.  I'm exhausted pouring my heart out to someone I knew oh so long ago...Misery so vivid I can taste it like tears.  The sorrow of a young life extinguished.  So deep, so black it rips me open and bares my soul to the cold starlight of the Universe.  I want Kym to hold me but I'm too miserable to make words.  So I lay there.  She shifts around.  I can feel the futon give under her weight as she crawls forward.  She is approaching my head.  I can feel her looking over me.  Maybe to see if I am asleep?  Maybe to kiss me?  But then it stops.  There is a heavy, stillness in the air.  I realize I can still hear the shower and the music.  
Curious, I roll over and look.  Nothing.  I am alone in my bed.

 Only the mola mola stares back.      , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3f6wpk/bettera_visiting_gloom/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-07-31 03:56:42, # COMMENTS: 20, SCORE: 36
TITLE: Poor Jason, POST BODY: Kym and I are on a taper.  She freaked out after missing her period.  After a visit to the doctor, Kym has come to the glum conclusion she parties too much.  So after Happy Hour cocktails at Vesuvio's, we solemnly swear to scale back.  

 Well...to the best of our abilities.

Right away we bend the rules.  Like the sweaty, crushing pain of Tuesday is beyond awful.  So we create a holiday.  Try Again Tuesday.  So we each smoke a dot of tar.  Just a taste.  But we pass these back and forth with deep kisses.  After two days with no H it feels so gooooooood.  Probably too good.  We limp off into the week.

"You're dosing yeah?" says Kym nodding her head in slow motion and smearing her huge blue eyes across my field of vision.  Tropical blue eyes.  So deep.  So blue.  I am prisoner to their Light.

"Yes Kym.  Yes I am" I hear myself respond robotically.

"I can tell babe because you get a little crazy with those eyes.  Like a spider studying a moth" she says as she widens her blues.

I want to say something but Kyms eyes are her own.  She does not understand the power they command over a soul like mine.  Then Kym gets up and disappears down the hall.  So I go back to Cheers.  This show soothes me.  I watched it growing up.  The TV sounds are a comforting presence, like a familiar relative.

Kym launches into the room, diving sideways through the air.  Her hands plant on the floor and she cartwheels past the TV and vanishes into the kitchen.

I look around wildly but all is quiet.  Did that just happen?  I refuse to get up and check.  Most likely, Kym will jump out, scream and tickle me.  So back to Cheers.  Heck, maybe it didn't happen...

And Kym appears.  She moves solemnly across the room.  Upside down.  On her hands.  Holy shit.

"Holy shit!" I utter in astonishment. 

Kym does a forward roll from the hallway and pops up with straight legs crossed, chest puffed out and arms spread out dramatically.  I stare.  LSD stare.  Wow.

Her face is frozen in a performance mask.  Eyes wide open, lips slightly parted in a professional smile.  Her eyes stay focused on something 1000 yards away and her lips barely move as she speaks, "I was in gymnastics until I was fifteen.  Then I realized I was too tall and gangly.  Plus these threw me off balance" she says grabbing her breasts.

And I keep staring.  I have no idea what's going on.  Then Kym sits next to me and casually slings her arm around my neck.  She pulls my face close.  Touches my forehead to hers.

"Ok space-boy.  So acid is fine, weed is good.  What about ecstasy?"

I think about it.  Hmm.

"Ecstasy is OK.  But no cocaine" I decree. 

"Agreed" says Kym.  "And obviously no speed!  Yuck!  Ok.  What about oxy..?"

I know for a fact Kym is on oxy because Ari, our dealer told me Kym's order is ready.

"I don't know Kym..." and then I think how shitty coming off acid is without oxy.  "Maybe a little?"

"Agreed!" grins Kym sticking out her hand to shake.  "So no cocaine or heroin.  Emergency snorts of H are OK if both parties agree like last Tuesday.  And no needles.  Snort or smoke only.  Good?"

"Good" I shake her hand.

Jason walks in and sits in the floor.  He pulls out a cigarette from Kym's pack on the table, lights it and squints up at us through the smoke.  "I heard that and I want in.  BUT!  But I am not going a little in.  I am ALL in.  Cold fucking turkey. Right fucking now."

I can see glass biplanes doing loop-de-loops in his cigarette cloud.  His face slides around and his faded Suicidal Tendencies t-shirt boils off his torso.  I peer into Jasons soul.  He will never fucking make it.

"You will never fucking make it" I declare.

"Babe!" says Kym as she punches me in the arm. "What a dick thing to say!"

"It's ok Kym.  Our hippie friend here is on LSD and thinks he is a wiser than everyone.  He always says stupid shit like 'WE ARE the Universal Light!' or 'Hey Jase!  I figured out time man!'  Fuck him.  Stupid hippy!" says Jason pointing his cigarette at me.

And I smile at him because I know which one of us is sane.  But he is right about the bold declarations.

"Well we're not quitting" I calmly tell Jason as I get lost in his eyes for a second.  I swear his left pupil has a tiny doorknob in it...

"Yeah" says Kym.  "We're scaling back.  Huge difference Jase.  So are you cutting yourself out of the life...?"

We all know what she means.  Jason gets us drugs.  If he quits the life we lose a major and frankly, super convenient drug source.

Jason looks at us, enjoying the question hanging in the air.  He knows we are twitching and squirming and fretting over the thing we love so much...

"Well, I have a good thing going right now.  Solid connects, guaranteed income from the Warfield...Yeah.  Fuck getting a real job" he says as he exhales smoke.

My stomach flutters back down to my gut.  Tension evaporates and Kym melts against my side.  Whew.

"Let's celebrate our wisdom with some marijuana and chocolate" says Jason removing a blunt from behind his ear.  He lights it and tosses a golden box on the table.

LSD makes this golden box quite mesmerizing.  Like a reward for discovering the hidden room behind the plain stone wall in a Zelda game.  I open the ribbon which shimmers like the blue and gold fin of a sea dragon.  It glows.  It beckons.  I open it.  Rainbow eggs from psychedelic parrots and other mystical, magical creatures lay nestled inside the box.  Geometric shaped chocolates decorated with spirals of poetry written by Nereids in golden ink.

"Wow."

Kym and Jason look at me, look at each other and then smirk.  The halos coming off these amazing chocolates is intense.  Celestial turtle and dragon eggs.
"They are like jewels" I breathe in awe. "Like the eggs from the Sultan's golden partridge..."

"Dude it's Godiva chocolate from my dad.  James is in Belgium with his new family" says Jason grabbing a rainbow hued oval and chomping it.

"Yeah babe.  Godiva.  Haven't you tried?" asks Kym.

"Nope."  I try and think of fancy candy but only the stuff you can get at Longs Drugs pops in my head.  Russell Stover.  Cadbury.

I try one.  A triangular dark chocolate.  Fuck...They are right.  Amazing.  Sadly I did not know what chocolate was until this moment.  I want to go to Europe so bad.  Jason and Kym both have spent summers traveling in Europe.  They drop into French, German and Spanish to describe things they experienced.  This is why I go to college.  I want to be able to have these experiences.  I almost feel ashamed about the Sour Patch Kids I have in my pocket but man these taste really good when your body heat softens the package.  

As withdrawals rear their nastiness, I take more psychedelics.  I start eating more mushrooms and get into peyote and mescaline.  Kym starts running through the park.  Not jogging but running.  She sprints like a fucking deer over the hills and then slows down to an even pace for a bit and then sprints off again.  I thought of exercising with her but fuck that.  Jason starts lifting weights.  He is a pretty solid guy and was into lifting before I met him.  Now he works out like a madman.  Kym borrows his smaller free weights and aerobicises with them.

I smoke pot and watch Dragon Ball cartoons.  Fucking Goku is a trip on shrooms.  

 When Kym and I enjoy our treats like snorting oxycodone Jason becomes such a pain in the ass we hide.  We last three long days without H but Kym gets yelled at by her boss for leaving on an espresso machine.  Damn thing overheats and burns out a circuit.  Canon Cafe is hyper busy during commute times in Union Square and without the machine, Kym and her coworkers suffer.  She gets a lot of shit.  So we tear off some foil, grab the glass straw and we each kiss the dragon.  One tiny puff each...Fuuuck so good.  We both want more and Kym is playing with the straw and staring at the bag.  But no.  Instead we smuggle a ton of candy into the movie theater and watch Air Force One.  

"You guys are fucking weak" says Jason who doesn't appear to be suffering as much as I thought.  His arms are healed and he has started eating more.  Unfortunately he is also becoming a jerk.  More so than usual.

"Lift weights.  You'll never make it watching cartoons, playing video games and doing stupid hippy shit."

"Oh puh-lease!" says Kym, "Like you aren't sneaking in a hit or two.  When you got us that gram I noticed a little bit seemed to have been scraped out.  Like a tiny streak on the side.  Enough for a tiny hit."

"No way Devil's Daughter.  You're just junkie paranoid and if you two go through grams this fast you are no longer tapering. Dealer knows all" chuckles Jason as he mixes kale into his protein shake and hits the blender. 

"Go fuck yourself Jason!" snarls Kym as she stomps down the hall.

I look at Jason.  He catches my eye for a moment, looks away and smiles.  He was serene last night during X-Files...Kinda less obnoxious.  But I smile back and go do my homework.

Next day I look out and see a windy and cold morning staring back at me.  I'm supposed to meet Melo at Dolores Park.  He gets clean acid from the Deadheads camping in Golden Gate Park.  Kym went earlier to run and workout so I grab her jacket and walk to Dolores.  Bay winds cut so cold when you are in withdrawals.  Even numbed with oxy, I get the shakes.  I spot Kym running along the path in her black Nike jogging suit.  She shoots by me, waves and keeps going.  I sit on a bench, smoke cigarettes and wait for her to come back around.  She slows down as reaches me.  Her flushed face, the sound of her panting and the scent from her warm skin when I kiss her is exhilarating.

"Eww babe I'm all sweaty!" she complains pushing me away.

"No.  You smell good.  I smell like Doritos and cigarettes."

"Yup...you do" she says pointedly as she begins to stretch her legs.

I hand her the leather jacket which she drapes over herself to keep off the wind.  We see Melo and Dev walking towards us.  They both have huge grins on their faces and keep stopping to look up at the trees.  Dev is pointing at something but Melo is just laughing so Dev stomps off.

"Heeeey guys" she smiles.  Red pixie face and HUGE pupils.

"Hola Devika.  You look merry today" smirks Kym.

Melo wanders up giggling.  I can't wait to try this acid.  They are Woodstocks. Like Snoopy's little yellow bird friend.  Even Ari, my chemist friend praises the purity.

"Fucking helicopter humming bird and shit!" laughs Melo.  We all watch him as he gasps to catch his breath.

"Oh ignore him" says Dev but she giggles too and appears to be scanning the skies for something.

We walk back and stop and get water and smokes at Baymart.  Dev and Melo are arguing about a mythical bird.  But neither will tell me what they are talking about.  They just giggle.

"So Lover, Kym says you guys barely use" smiles Dev as she hugs my arm.  "Good for you!"

"Yeah" smiles Melo, "like no coke or H.  That's good dude!  Real good for your health.  Clear your mind..."

"Well" I admit, "we do cheat a little.  But it's been like three days.  Almost four."

"Better than Jason" says Dev.

"WHAT?!" demands Kym.

"All three of us smoked last night in the tent" shrugs Melo.  "Says he's off the needle though.  Good for him.  Good for all of you guys.  Respect."

"That little shit!" yells Kym.

We get home and Jason is watching a football game.  Kym sits on the floor and stares at him.  Melo and Dev snicker and I go get their money.  I buy five hits for $20.  And Kym stares.  Jason ignores.  And Kym stares.

"What?!  What is it now?!" he explodes.

"Oh nothing" smiles Kym. "I'm just admiring your guns dude.  Been working out huh?  Straight edge!" mocks Kym flexing her arms.

"What the fuck is this?" asks Jason looking around.

I take some acid.

"Just admiring your self control Jason.  How awesome you are to quit cold turkey while we suffer and chip away like needy junkies.  But you oh you are such the specimen of perfection!"

Jason rubs his face.  "Ok.  So what?  I lapsed.  Big deal."

"It wouldn't be a big deal except you're such a PRICK about it!  How weak we are!  I just find the irony delicious!" scoffs Kym lighting a smoke.

"Yeah?  Well if the stress level in my apartment wasn't tweaked up by someone's suffocating personality I would have a lot easier time quitting!  And living for that matter!  Ne joue pas avec moi !" spits out Jason.

 "Oh ? Et qui accuses-tu ?" says Kym standing up with her hands on her hips.  

 Jason and Kym both took French in school and have traveled through France.  I have heard them talk in French before but never scream in it.

"Tu te crois maline, hein ?" yells Jason pointing at Kym.

Kym smiles and calmly says, "H bien moi au moins je n'agis pas comme une idiote en permanence !"

Jason gets up and yells, "Non, tu es cingle ! Fille du dmon !"  

 "Moi?" mocks Kym standing up and spreading both her arms, "You're the crazy one!  Pretending your clean and better than us!  Faker!  Fraud!"

 "Fuck!  You're such a fucking...fuck! Grahhh!" bellows Jason incoherently as he storms out the front door.

 "Whoa" says Dev nodding her head.

 I sit next to Dev on the floor chewing the acid blotter paper.  The paper taste triggers my mouth  to water as my body starts anticipating the trip.  I look at Dev.  Her eyes are so far away it's like looking into portals to the spirit world. 

 "Did you understand any of that?" I ask Dev.

 "Yeah.  Totally.  Khadja is picking on Jason because he lied to her.  Rather than just letting it go she crushed his dignity.  It was kinda mean."

 You understand French?

 No.  Is that what they were speaking? asks Dev.

 "Oh c'mon Devika!  Jason picks on me all the time!" huffs Kym lighting a smoke and sitting on the floor across from us.

 Melo blinks and comes back to us from his trance. "Man.  That was crazy.  What just happened?  Hey you guys got any weed?" he asks looking around. 

 "Besides" smiles Kym, "he'll be back soon."

 "Really?" asks Dev.  Her odd, mechanical doll's voice sounds so distant.  "How do you know that?"

 "Because I went into his room and stole his smack" says Kym.  "I did it as a joke to prove a point but now I think I'll let him suffer a little."  

 I look at her.  Knowing Jason, it will kill him to ask Kym for anything.  But if he doesn't say anything, she won't either.  Maybe I'll steal it back for him.  Kym meets my look defiantly.  She doesn't give a shit either way now that she has made her point.  She tilts her to the side and exhales a huge plume of smoke into the air.  I watch it swirl and tumble across the space like pure madness.     

Poor Jason. 


http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3f9p5s/poor_jason/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-01 20:53:34, # COMMENTS: 7, SCORE: 16
TITLE: Any more? A drawing of Kym and Morbo circa 1995, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3fgv52/any_more_a_drawing_of_kym_and_morbo_circa_1995/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-03 03:45:12, # COMMENTS: 33, SCORE: 70
TITLE: Michelangelo, POST BODY: The cab driver makes him pay up front but that's to be expected.  So will the lack of tip.  Dev curls up like a cat against him.  She's had this damn flu for a week.  Her skin burns fiercely in the taxi.  Her face is pale, her eyes still.

The cab pulls up to the address.  Through narrow, suspicious eyes, Melo scans the area.  Thankfully, only the Camry is in the driveway.  

"Wait here" commands Melo to the cab driver who stares at him balefully.  He is not happy about the sick girl coughing in his taxi.  

"Hurry" says the cab driver pretending to check at his watch.

Melo walks through the gate he has opened one thousand times.  In happier times he would have leaped over the gate but now he opens it.  He walks across the brick path towards the door that still has a Christmas wreath on it.  By habit, he searches the shadows around him for movement, unnatural shapes or color.  He is trained in the colors of the night.  A curtain shifts.  She was always suspicious too.  

The door opens.  An old woman in a bathrobe stands inside the crack.  She does not bother to open it any further as she watches him.  He hears the cab idling behind him as he self-consciously runs his fingers through his hair, snags a twig from the park and tosses it behind him in one movement.

"What do you want?"

"Hi mom."

"Just get it over with Michelangelo.  What you want?" she asks with a sigh as she crosses her arms.  "Money?  Something to pawn?  You ran out of bicycles and baseball mitts a long time ago.  So what?"

"No mom.  We need a place to stay.  Dev's sick."

"Devika's sick?"  

And for one instance, her face softens in the porch light.  The mask fades.  His mom looks anxiously over his shoulder towards the cab.  But then she remembers.  The mask returns.  She pulls the robe tightly against her body and says the words she rehearsed in her mind as the cab pulled up.

"I am sorry Angelo.  But no.  Dev is a lovely girl but no!  If Peter sees you here..."

"Peter?!  Peter is a FUCKING-" and Melo catches his temper before it bursts screaming from his suddenly tense body.  

"Michelangelo!  Don't come here like this!  Come back clean!  What do you expect?"

"I don't know mom" says Melo realizing it's time to go.  "I came here for Dev.  Help, I guess."

"Yes.  You BOTH need help.  I saw the marks on that poor girl's arm Michelangelo.  And remember, you punched Peter."

"He grabbed me!  I have this thing inside me mom..."

"I know about your problems.  But Peter has a TRO on you!  He'll call the cops.  Please go baby.  Please take Devika to the hospital! And please-", she gasps and the mask melts off.  She is not good at this.  But she wipes away the tears, straightens her robe and says, "I have to go now."

His mom looks at him and for a second.  He stares back willing himself not to cry.  The man melts away for a moment.  Gone.  And there he is.  Her first born child.  Lugging his baseball gear up the brick path with that big, infectious smile on his face.  The door is wide open.  The house welcomes him.  The smell of mom's sausage meatballs and sauce drifts outside.  

But thoughts of Peter suck Melo straight from the Light.  The vortex of reality funnels him back into the used hunting boots he wears.  He looks away as his mom slips through the crack.  The door shuts with a soft click.  While they talked, Melo heard a window creak open.  He knew she was listening.  Now the window opens all the way and his sister's head peers out at him.

"Geloooo!"

"Tara..." smiles Melo walking over to the window.  When he gets close she lunges out and hangs halfway out the window to hug him.  His dog tags still dangle from her neck.

He holds her tight.  She smells like home.  Tara must be 15 which would make him 33.  Michelangelo is Angelo to his parents but his toddler sister could only say Gelo.  Since Tara's never wrong, the name stuck.  

"Where's Devika?"

"In the cab.  Hey we gotta go sis...but fuck.  How are you?"

"OK.  Peter's a prick and mom's all church bitch now-"

"C'mon Tara.  Mom works two jobs.  She lives for you.  I hate that prick too but even mom needs love."

"Yeah...But Gelo!"

"TARA!" barks mom's voice from inside.

"I gotta go Tara but take care ok?"

"When can I see you and Dev?  Promise me next zoo day.  C'mon Gelo!"

"Ok Tar, we'll meet you at the entrance.  Opening time."

"Sweet!  Bring weed!"

Melo is about to reply but the window shuts.  Well, this didn't work but he get's to see Tara.  First Wednesday of the month is free admission to the San Francisco Zoo.  This will be the third time she has been skipped school to meet him there.  

Family tradition, grins Melo.  

He gives the address to the next stop.  The driver demands another $10 to continue.  Dev is curled up in a ball making sad little whimpering sounds.  They drive towards Nob Hill.  What if she isn't home?  It will be a bitch to break in.  But as they drive down the street he see's her Jetta in the driveway.  The porch light is on like she's expecting them.  The cab stops, he pays the rest of the fare.

Dev is sleeping so hoists the backpack over his shoulder and carries her.  The backpack weighs as much as she does.  As he nears the door, it opens.  A short, busty Vietnamese girl still in her office clothes holds it open.

"OD?" she asks calmly.

"Flu.  She just needs a bed and roof over her head for a few days."

Melo walks inside carrying Dev.  Julie stares at him but he keeps his eyes on the ground.  He never looks up to acknowledge his wife.

Inside is the same.  Place never changes.  Julie works 50 - 60 hour weeks and spends half the year in Hong Kong.  Melo lays Dev down in the guest bedroom.  Her deep, brown eyes study him.  A moment of clarity.

"Where are we?"

"The house."

"Oh.  Is Julie here?"

"Yes.  Look, I'm gonna get you some food and Tylenol.  Just sleep sweetheart.  You're safe."

"I'm always safe with you" purrs Dev as she snuggles into the bed with a sigh.

He finds soup in the cupboard and toasts bread baked from six different grains.  Right up Dev's alley.  He pours organic Maui Pineapple juice over ice, heats some soup and loads up a tray.  Everything in the kitchen is in the same spot.  Like a photograph of his past.  The toast pops up and he spreads peanut butter on one and butter on the other.

"Ok.  Chow" he says as Dev props up with a sleepy look.  

She looks so fragile and tiny but he knows better.  He knows who is the strong one in this relationship.  He caresses her face and kisses her lips gently.  She fiercely wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him to the bed.  Her hug fills him with Light.  But she still feels too warm.  

"Eat Dev.  Got that multigrain toast shit you like, chicken noodle soup and pineapple juice.  Oh and take two Tylenol."

"I am hungry" smiles Dev after she releases him.  

Once, the world was meaningless.  Life was a flat image to stare at like TV.  Love was a pointless thing other people talked about.  And then he met her.  The first thing she told him was that they had fallen in love hundreds of times in the past.  Like stars in the sky, nothing will ever change them.  They are, and always will be Lovers.  But Dev says a lot of weird shit like that.  You get used to it.  Now she is the key to his world.  The part that makes sense.  

"Well then eat Dev.  Your body needs it."

"What about you?" asks Dev as she tears up the butter toast and drops it into the soup.

"I ate while you slept."

"Mr. Melo, I do believe you are lying to me but I also think you are a very sweet man looking out for my safety."

He smiles.  People say Dev is crazy.  But she isn't.  She knows the world for what it is.  Plus she is also the kindest person you will ever meet.  The only person she neglects is herself.  So he helps her.  This is something he can do.  Watching over Dev gives life a purpose.    

Melo starts the shower in the guest bathroom and peels off his shirt.  Dev eats and watches.  From the bathroom light, she can see the monster.  The Killer.  It slips and slides around him like a liquid shadow.  These days Dev can barely feel it.  But the stains on his skin and the wild, probing eyes remind her some monsters never die.  

Inside his left forearm is the tattoo 'I am The Darkness.'  On the right, 'I am Death.'  Below his right nipple is a grid pattern of four, grinning skulls.  Beneath them it says 'One last caress.'  Covering his back is a Chinese dragon done in the solid black style of Polynesian tattoos.  The neck drapes over his shoulder and stretches across his chest.  The dragon's mouth gapes open where Melo's heart beats.  Nestled in the teeth of the dragon is a red heart.  Stains from the past.  But the newest addition is inked inside the heart.  DevL.      

Her body greedily absorbs the nutrients after a week of stale cinnamon buns and Gatorade.  Heroin and the flu are not good for appetite.  The dopesick haze blends grotesquely with the flu.  Dev finishes her food and takes the Tylenol.  On her napkin is a Roxicodone 30 mg.  She would prefer a hit of H, but knows Melo won't let that happen until she's better.  

The Roxi will have to do.  In the park, someone always comes by the tent.  Last time was the Thief, Jason.  She remembers because he always acts so hurt when she calls him by his celestial name.

"Why do you call me that?" asks Jason as he inhales tar vapor from a lightbulb he stole from the restroom.  

"Because you steal.  You steal time, you steal reality, you steal their perfectly laid plans.  You are beautiful Thief.  You are Creation, you are Chaos."

"Sure.  Trip out, whatever" shrugs Jason indifferently.  "But stop calling me Thief in front of people.  It's embarrassing."

She thinks about railing the Roxi for the rush but ends up chewing it instead.  Melo comes out in a towel and runs a bath.  He knows her fondness for the tub.  Dev can live in a tent, eat out of a dumpster and could care less about the stares from panhandling.  She enjoys the wild, vagabond life as much as Melo.  But to soak in a hot bath is truly one of the joys of civilization.

"Not too long Dev.  You're still warm" says Melo as he dresses.  

Her eyes are drawn to his left leg looks like melted plastic from bullets fired at close range.  These holes freed Melo from his Five Day War...

Days One and Two - Hunt.  Day Three - Kill.  Day Four - Die.  Day Five - Resurrection.  

Like the four skulls on his chest.  Four ghosts set free by Melo.  

Death.  

Dev's love is strong because it has to be.  Melo is so tender and so beautiful but also broken.  Melo catches her looking at his scars and dresses faster.

In the mirror she can see them.  Drowned Boys.  The four ghosts he released.  He will never forget them.  They walk beside him forever.  She knows them well from their talks when Melo drinks too much...    

"...dragged them out after the firefight.  Carter got three.  Bermer one.  I got four.  Supposed to search them but fuck that.  Thought they were dead but it takes SO long to bleed out.  We put them in the fountain.  I can still hear them.  The water splashing as they came alive one last time..."

Dev shakes her head to make it stop.  She paints her tag into the steamed mirror.  DevL.  The ghosts vanish.  Melo stops to admire her nude form with an appreciative smile.  Dev's hair is past her waist now.  Wild like a creature from the forest.  Wild the way Melo likes it.  She slips into the tub giggling about the thoughts of men.  

After he dries his hair he goes out into the living room where Julie sits on the couch drinking wine.  Waiting.  He sighs, walks in and takes a seat across from her.

"Julie.  We're just here for a couple days."

"It's your house Angelo.  You can come home anytime you want.  And not just for your VA checks" she says bravely.  He can tell from her eyes she has been crying.

"Look Jules-" and he stops as her eyes light up at the sound of her nickname.  Another ghost in the house.  Melo corrects himself.  "Julie, it's not our house.  It's your house.  You pay the mortgage and-"

"No!  It is OUR house Angelo.  When this THING you're doing runs it's course, the house and I will still be here."

"Julie" winces Melo, "please!  It's over.  Let's sign papers.  You keep everything.  It's all yours-"

"NO!" cries Julie as she slams her wine glass down.  "I can't!  I won't!  This will change!  I know it will Angelo!  She's almost 15 years younger than us!  How can it last?"

"I told you I love her!  I need her-"

"She's a nice person!  I get it!  But she can't fix you!  You need real help-"

"No!  I ended this.  You won't sign the papers but you know it's over Julie!"

And Julie changes.  Puts on an old face.  Smiles.  

"Ok.  Whatever you say Angelo.  Hungry?  Can I make you something?  Stir fry?  I'll go to Baymart and get you beer.  Relax, watch TV and I will-"

"I'm sorry Julie.  I really am" smiles Melo sadly as he gets up and walks out of the room.

He goes into the guest bedroom and shuts the door.  Scrawled across the dressing mirror in lipstick is: DevL.  Heh.  Julie will love that.  But seeing the tag puts his mind at rest.  It means Love.  He can hear Dev humming to herself as she washes.  

He removes the slender bag hidden in a false liner from the backpack.  Inside are their IDs, cash, a makeup bag full of drugs and his legally registered Glock 19.  Dev hides the bullets but she has yet to find the not so legal,15 round magazine he concealed in the padding of shoulder strap.  He takes out the drug bag and sorts through it.  Tar, China White, three unused rigs, pink cocaine, cheap Mexican coke, meth, 12 hits of blotter LSD, mushrooms, two types of weed, four blunts and an assortment oxycodone, percocets and valium.  He hates to break up a gram of the China but fuck it.  He snorts a bump and moves it from the business side of the bag to the personal side.  

And the world grows gentle again.  

Dev's humming is like a tiny bird that flutters across the room and nestles into his heart.  It is almost enough.  Almost.  He takes three Roxi's from the bag and feels around the pack for the pint of vodka.  Melo sets one pill aside for Dev and downs rest with alcohol.  He repacks the bags and lays on the bed drinking.

Melo wakes up like he always does in this house.  Gasping for air and clawing wildly to escape the Darkness in his dreams.  But she is here.  Stroking his face.  Watching over him.  

"Shhh.  It's ok.  We're safe."  

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3fllhk/michelangelo/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-05 14:19:48, # COMMENTS: 18, SCORE: 59
TITLE: Mustaches, Madness and Mitch Kramer, POST BODY: "I'm gonna rip that fucking thing off your face when you pass out", says Kym looking down on me with disgust.  "You look like a baby cop."

 "Well I like it" says Jason who hands me the bong and lighter.  I balance it on my leg cast and take a rip.

 "Of course you do.  You're an idiot.  Babe shave it off!"

 "No Kym.  The mustache stays.  You go!" yells Jason.  

 He holds his hand out to high-five me but I ignore him.  When Kym turns her head I high five him.  This is entertainment because I'm going insane from cabin fever.  The leg cast is on for another month.  I had to sign out of my lab classes but still continue undergrad work with Vince bringing me notes and materials.  Besides that, these norco 10's are nice.  But I share them and keep running out.  

 The sound of my hand slapping Jason's causes Kym to glare back at us malevolently.

 Two weeks ago Jason drove the car that Kym stole from her sister POW! right into the back of a semi-truck parked on the side of Highway 17.  He spent two days in Santa Cruz County Jail on a DUI.  Kym lost her left canine tooth and got a black eye.  I fractured my right leg, cracked three ribs, got a lot of stitches, some whiplash and I was kept under observation for internal bleeding in my skull.  They think I pin-balled off the dashboard and exited the vehicle through the closed passenger window.  But is brain my all good.  

 Kym is on a dental implant waiting list and already back to work.  She feels a little self-conscious about the tooth (Jason) and it has changed the way she smiles but on the plus side, she dresses more provocatively for some reason.  San Francisco is not a comfortable climate to show off your tube top and belly chain but that and a black leather jacket is her look for the work commute.  

 Jason has problems.  His dad bailed him out and paid for the car.  Kym's sister Iona was so stoked on the new car that she gave Kym the car she was using.  A red Acura Integra that once belonged to their brother Malek.  Jason got out of jail and was put in rehab.  He checked himself out the same day.  Then he failed to show up to the DUI Arraignment.  His dad was disappointed and Jason's magical bank account that refills itself monthly started bouncing checks.  So now Jase has a warrant, no license and supports himself by moving Schedule II narcotics between suppliers and club dealers.  Mostly coke and MDMA.  

 Jason throws his arm around my shoulder.  "I'm gonna grow one too.  A show of solidarity." 

 He laughs as he takes bong and rams the ash through the stem with a plunger he made from half of a coat hanger.  I use the other half to scratch myself.  Jason wrapped the end with duct tape so I won't give myself tetanus or lockjaw.  I insert it into my cast and rub...Ahhhh.  It is a fifth tier pleasure in the Forbidden Zone.  Kym hides it when I take too many opiates and draw blood.  A sensible move but have I yet to find that piece of pepperoni I lost last week.  I'm terrified it's inside the cast melding with my skin.  

 "Cool!" says Kym taking the bong.  "You guys'll fit in Castro.  They love mustaches.  Babe you can take me to Club Uranus.  The DJ there is supposed be the shit!"

 "I'm a citizen of the world Kym.  I travel anywhere.  Especially if I'm dosed. Which I am."

 "That's a gay bar dude" explains Jason.

 I think about that for a second.  "Well, I am not a very good dancer."

 The doorbell rings.  We all pause.

 "Oh yeah" I remember, "It's Mikey!"

 I've known St. Michael since the dorms.  He does not drink and is always the designated driver, hence the name.  He called me last week.  Said he had a favor to ask before he went off to Peru.  He'll be there as a field assistant for a few months.  They comb through river runoff areas to study tetra fish.

 Jason opens the door.  "St. Michael my BROTHER!" and gives Mike a bearhug.  

 Jason's strong and when he likes you he crushes you with his hugs.  Skinny stoner Mike is easily lifted off the ground.  He looks the same as always.  Long, stringy blond hair, John Lennon glasses and still wearing the same jeans jacket with the Pink Floyd patch.  From his Slayer t-shirt to his bashful, humble disposition, it is indeed St. Michael.  And now Mikey's off the the jungle to count tiny fish in an environmental push to keep corporations from cutting down the rainforests.  FuckingA Mikey.

 "Dude!" he says when he see's me.  "You didn't mention this...What happened?"

 "Oh you know.  Jason.  Car.  Fuck it Mike.  How are you?"

 I am tired of telling the tale.  So are my roommates.  These obvious badges we wear are annoying to repeat.  Mike takes it in stride.  Hands in pocket, laughing and Yes he'll have a bong hit.  Glory to St. Michael.  He pulls out a bag of his own personal stash.  This man can grow.  His third generation female clones from Humboldt are mind bending.   

 I don't know what he wants, but the answer is already Yes.

 "Mike this is my girlfriend Kym."

 "Oh.  Hey.  Hi!" he says awkwardly shaking her hand while blushing.

 "Hey!  Nice to meet ya" smiles Kym.  "Don't mind me.  I'm getting ready for work."

 Kym walks back down the hall to get her bag.  Mike looks at me like Wow.  When Kym disappears into the bathroom he turns to me.  "Damn dude!  She looks like a model!  But what happened with uhh what's her name?"

 "Mary?" says Jason sucking in a bong hit and squinting as the smoke fills him from lung to nostril.  Then he ganja Godzilla blasts me.  "He dumped her.  Good riddance!  She was too...whats the word I'm looking for here?" 

 "Dude shut up and pass that shit over."

 "No that wasn't it.  Abominable?  Horrific?  Anyways, this one is a looker Mike, but fuck!  She acts like she escaped from a mental instit-"

 I stab Jason's in the side with a crutch and turn back to Mike.

 "So Mike.  Your internship sounds amazing.  Living in the jungle.  Documenting tiny fucking fish..." I pause as the weed PINGS my brain.  When my skull stops vibrating, I catch the loose thought with a net and continue, "You're doing it man!  Your dream.  Science!"

 "Yeah.  I'm excited."

 "How can I help?" I ask.

 "Oh shit!" says Mike.  "Hold on."

 He goes back outside.  I look at Jason who shrugs.  Mike comes back with a plastic cage.

 "I was hoping you could keep an eye on him while I'm gone."

 I look into the cage and see a frumpy gray cat.

 "Mitch?" I ask.  "Mitch Kramer?"

 "Yeah.  It's Mitch Kramer" says Mike opening the cage and letting the cat out.

 A large, storm gray cat hops out of the cage and looks around uncertainly.  It see's Mike and hops into his lap and starts cleaning himself like he's cool and at ease in the new surroundings.

 "A kitty!" says Kym from the hallway.  "What a cute cat!  I love cats!  Aww!"

 Jason shoots me a look that Mike misses because he is scratching Mitch Kramer's chin as Kym comes over and pets him.  Jason's not into this.  And I'm allergic to cats.  

 But it's Mitch Kramer.  That cat is not only my friend but he saved my life.  Me and Mitch go way back.  

 "Of course" I say before Jason can plot anything.  

 I can feel Jason staring at me as I look at the cat.  I can feel his thoughts.  First I let a crazy girl that escaped rehab live here.  Now a large, gray cat.

 Mike tries to give us money but I know Mitch.  That's why Mike picked me.  Mitch only eats Safeway brand dry cat food and tuna fish canned in spring water.  Maybe ham or turkey but not much else.  He shits in a box put prefers to be let out.  Give him a door, feed him and he basically keeps to himself unlike my other roommates.  

 "Thanks man" says Mike as he hugs me before he leaves.  "I knew we could count on you."

 After he leaves Mitch Kramer meows at the door for a while but eventually gives up.  He walk across our filthy carpet, scratches his nails on the couch and hops up onto the back.  Mitch kneads his claws into the fabric and settles down like a sphinx.  

 Turns out Mike has left Mitch behind before.  All academic journeys.  Usually with his mom but she's on a Caribbean cruise.  Kym loves Mitch instantly but he ignores her, for that is his way.  She sets up his food and water bowls in the kitchen.  The litter box in the bathroom.  Kym shows Mitch the kitchen windows.  The middle arched window is painted shut but the side windows work.  Both are cracked open all the time because we smoke.  A thief would need ninja claws to scale up three stories to come inside but a cat can hop out and travel along the Victorian-style eaves.  Mitch hops out to explore.    

 Kym brings me a beer and kisses me deeply and runs her hands through my hair. Though I am more or less immobile, my sex life continues through her eager, athletic creativity.  At first I thought it was pity sex.  But then again, she'll give me a cigarette and then throw the lighter across the room so I have to hobble over on my crutches to get it.  Says I need exercise.  Kym is not into pity.  

 So I ask her.  She gives me a wide smile, puts her bag down and sits next to me on the couch.      

 "In the hospital babe" she begins as she arches her eyebrows at me and grabs my hands, "when you were attached to all the machines and drugged out, you told me something beautiful!"

 "Yeah?"

 "Yeah babe.  Maybe you don't remember but I do.  I ALWAYS will."

 "Can you give me a hint?"  

 At the hospital I was on drugs like fentanyl and dilaudid.  I had a button I clicked all day because every few hours it gave me morphine.  Now I have prescription painkillers, the oxy from Ari and we are not shy about snorting and smoking a little H now and then.  Oh and I enjoy LSD and weed.  My short term memory is warm and fuzzy at best.

 "Maui" she smiles mysteriously squeezing my hands and drawing me towards her.  
Kym kisses me deeply and suddenly pulls back leaving me wanting more.  I try and she leans back teasing me.  Then lunges in and bites my lip with a smile.  I look at her angelic face.  In her blue eyes I see joy.  Almost enough to bring tears.  

 Man.  Whatever I said must have been good.  But I don't remember.  Maui?  Nice vacation and great surf but...?

 "Maui babe..."  She touches my cheek and smiles. "I am you. You are me. Love me..."

 She pauses and looks at me for a moment.  You usually see this look on people's faces when they are staring at heroin or a pile of money.  Joy.  Desire.  Pleasure.  I love it when Kym looks at me like this.  Makes me feel greater than any man on Earth.  Then she smiles, grabs her bag and disappears out the door.

 Days go by.  Mitch slips into our lives and melts into our scene.  Kym buys him a bed he never sleeps in, toys he never plays with and a brush that makes him jump out the window.

 "Why won't he love me?" she asks with a hurt expression on her face as Mitch Kramer leaps out the window.

 It's just not Mitch, I try and explain.  He is a moody, fat bastard.  He sits on me because I do not move much.  But mostly he sits on me because I don't want him to.  

 We are watching X-Files which is our Friday night ritual.  Jason preps the foil, sponsors the session, I pass out some pills and Kym makes popcorn.  Jason points out all the characters that have mustaches for Kym's benefit as he strokes his sprouting fuzz.  It's worse than mine.  Like a crushed caterpillar on his lip.  And Mitch comes home.  I hear him land on the kitchen floor followed by the munching and crunching of a late dinner.  He saunters up to the doorframe and pauses dramatically like the smug, fat bastard he is.  I ignore him.  Jason ignores him.  

 "Ooooh!  Pick me!  Pick me!" shrieks Kym as she slaps her thighs.  

 Jason harrumphs and turns up the TV.  

 "Mitchy Mitchy Mitchy!", cooes Kym.

 The cat strolls in.

 The room is dark except for the TV.  The humans are sprawled out like careless prey. Dumber than pigeons on the roof at sundown.  Male Closed Door sits on the carpet, back against the table and stares at the glowing box.  Yes, your door is closed right now friend but I have been inside your lair fool!  And I will return to scratch your bed and sleep on your pillow!  Oh yeah!  

 Male Old Friend is on the couch.  The prime sleeping spot he claims daily for he is injured.  His weakness disgusts me but he does provides the food and water.  And he makes a good nap lap.  I respect this.  

 Next to him is his annoying mate.  Female Shrieker Grabber.  This one...ugh.  Always with the grabbing!  Until the warning swipe I gave her, she was all hands.  No one interrupts the selection process for my resting spot!  Hell, I love a good chinny-chin scratch as much as any cat but no one dictates where I sit.  

 "Look babe!" points Kym excitedly.  "Mitch Kramer is coming over!  He's gonna pick me!"  

 "Shhh!" shushes Jason.

 Two possibilities.  Male Old Friend looks perfect.  He's stunned as usual.  Glazed expression, mouth partly open and barely moving.  But his annoying mate is beside him.  She is slapping herself for unknown reasons.  Sigh.  Hmm.  Male Closed Door also looks stunned.  His legs are stretched out creating a perfect resting spot.  This one ignores me and wants nothing to do with me.  He will do.

 "Look!  Look!  Babe!" says Kym.  

 Mitch Kramer looks up at the couch, his body is tensed.  Ready to spring and then...he abruptly sits up, lifts a leg and licks his butthole.  Then Mitch turns and casually walks over to Jason who is staring slack jawed at X-Files.  He doesn't realize what's happening until Mitch Kramer is on his lap kneading into his shorts.

 "Wha-?" Jason says looking down.

 "Aww what?!" exclaims Kym.  "You're picking him?  You gotta be kidding!"

 Jason watches the cat do a happy dance on his lap, turn two times, drop and curl into a big ball of fur.  He looks up at Kym who pouts at the cat.  Tentatively, Jason rubs the cats head.  Mitch Kramer leans into his hand and stretches his neck until Jason in scratching his chin.  An enormous PURRRRR begins.  

 "Hi cat!" says Jason looking up at Kym with a grin.  "Aww did that gap-toothed hillbilly girl on the couch scare you Mitch?  She takes some getting used to but she does make good microwaveable popcorn.  Such a good sweet kitty!"

"Dumb cat" huffs Kym. 

, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3fwtpw/mustaches_madness_and_mitch_kramer/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-06 20:38:00, # COMMENTS: 5, SCORE: 16
TITLE: The /r/drugs bot is a racist. Or a catist, POST BODY: I got this message for Mustaches, Madness and Mitch Kramer and all I can think of is I had a POV with a cat in my last story.

Hello /u/morbo2000, your submission has been removed as /r/Drugs is an english speaking community.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3g2ucy/the_rdrugs_bot_is_a_racist_or_a_catist/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-07 01:15:30, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 58
TITLE: Sera's Roses, POST BODY: Everyday I wake up earlier.  Muscles clench and beg for release.  My body feels like a piece of twisted meat hooked up to a battery.  Twitching.  Twitching like a severed frog leg.  Twitching like eyelids as the windpipe is slowly crushed.  Twitching like a shuddering sigh as life exits the body.  

 The edge of Darkness.  So futile here.  What am I doing?  I don't use enough for pleasure.  Just enough to be normal.  This makes mornings cruel like a dull needle and a collapsed vein.  

 Please...help me.  

 And I see it.  A shiny square of foil with a blob of tar near the edge.  Next to it is a pink lighter and Kym's glass straw...the one with blue ribbons blown into the glass.  This straw has tasted her lips almost as much as I have.  

 And I wake up.  

 Fuck!  A dream about being dopesick?  And THEN waking up dopesick?!  FUCK!

 I get out of bed.  The ghost follows.  Her eyes..a drowning blue.  The bathroom light casts radiance and reality upon my sad face in the mirror.  Sick.  Eroded.  The spirits vanish.  I piss, wash my face and don't look at the mirror.

 In withdrawal, you are not allowed the pleasures of heaven.  Even the mercy of the Darkness is beyond you.  In withdrawal, you linger at the border of nothing.  The saddest place in the Universe.  Carved into your flesh from physical addiction.  Burned into your soul from memories of being high.  Such a sad, pointless life.

 It is 5 am.  I boil water for coffee and take a blue.  I rattle the bottle and the sound is two pills faint.  The fluttering heartbeat of a groaning man.  Barely half a day.  I text The Gargoyle and then curse myself for revealing a weakness.  A 5am text for Roxis?  Fucking dopesick junkie!  I sit at the table and stare at Mycroft the fish while I wait for coffee.  The TV is still on from last night.  A pop star I never heard of OD'd.  They play her awful music.  Christ...But then I feel the oxy knead away the morning.  I want another pill but not until the train.  Train?  Am I going to work today?  

 Really old friend?  You're going to try?  

 I look at my phone.  Sunday.  The office is closed.  I smile, break a pill in half and swallow it with sip of coffee.  Then I make toast and scramble two eggs in olive oil.

 I have a many, many messages.  And I have a good idea what they are about.  Reminders that I'm still alive though I barely participate in this dismal puppet show.  What happened?  Man I was doing good with the taper thanks to Sera.  I was becoming whole again.  But the slide.  This backslide into the blues.  It began with one fucking text.  

 It said: o 30s 4 20.  

 I like a bargain.  That's $5 cheaper so I paid The Gargoyle visit.  Been back every week since.  As sure as the sinking sun.

 I listen to the messages.  Skip the work ones, skip the Sera ones.  I'm left with nothing.  Satisfied, I return to breakfast.  My coffee is black with honey and perfect from the press pot Sera left here.  The place is spotless.  Vacuumed.  No dishes in the sink.  No messes on counters.  But no Sera.  Odd.  I pick up the phone again and look at my texts.

 Though she resisted, Sera finally got a cellphone.  The first thing she did was send me a pic of her boobs.  Classy.  Her theater group talks exclusively through texts so her brain quickly learned to connect the alphanumeric cellphone pad to language.  Texting is now her obsession.  Clunky at first, she now excels.  

 For the past month Sera has been talking in an annoying, English accent for her theater group.  I'd ask her if how the burrito tastes and she would respond, "Simply ghastly Mr. Higgins!"

 Unfortunately, Sera's not shy about performing in public.  At Applebee's, I excused myself to sneak-snort some oxy.  I come back to, "Mr. Higgins!  A young lady has come calling for you sir.  Quite common looking I dare say...So I took the liberty to order you a cheeseburger with curly fries."  

 But as the neighbors know, I'm annoying too.  The range of music from Black Flag to Sera playing the Spice Girls video game is a terrible thing.  Plus I hate the stompy lady upstairs and her TV.  She gets the Scottish National anthem.  Bagpipes at 2am.  Sera loves house music and techno after a bong hit.  When I'm drunk, the redneck comes out.  Bluegrass, Lynyrd Skynyrd and old Hank Williams Sr. records.  Recently it's been Gorillaz and Audrey Hepburn.  Sera cranks 'I Could Have Danced All Night' loud enough to shake the windows one building over.  

 Madness resides in unit #827.  But regular madness.  Certainly not junkie madness...

 As far as Sera's concerned, I'm on the taper.  She doles out oxy and morphine for me on a schedule.  I'm surprised she hasn't noticed how sickly I've become.  But she's focused on her musical. A huge time commitment.  I've hung out with the junior college cast and was pleasantly surprised.  Most work and just do it for fun.  A bunch of washed up drama lovers having a good time.

 I love Sera.  She is a good person, very warm and loving.  Definitely one of the good souls in our world.  But she can't sing.  Probably tone deaf too.  What she lacks in execution she makes up with enthusiasm.  It's a little hard to sit through.  Like watching someone with a beautiful smile run full speed into a metal pole.  

 My phone chirps.  The Gargoyle.  Discreet and to the point:  

 Y.  B hr 2:15.

 Under my bed by the nightstand is a small safe.  Inside I keep my ID's, cash and a .357 snub nose revolver.  Looking at it reminds me how much life has changed.  I never had a gun in college.  I'm not even a gun nut.  If I liked guns, I would never chosen this piece.  It's not a fun, target shooting gun.  It's a come into my house and die kind of a gun.  I take out some cash.  

 This purchase should last me for the week if I limit the times I get high.  Fuck, I am on the tightrope these days.  To keep moving across the chasm, I need enough to stay sane.  I don't want to fall.  As you age, the plunge is so much farther.  And the pleasure is so much higher.  Stretching across the fabric of my life.  Eclipsing goals and dreams.  I always want to reach up and touch the stars...

 So I try and limit being high to the nighttime.  

 It's 5:30 am.  I snort the other half of the oxy.  Liar.  

 Fuck it, I'm getting more today.  Time to put my dope-clock to work.  I grab my VPN login and enter my office network.  First I need something plausible.  Illness?  Overdone.  Travel?  Not cleared.  I go with Personal.  I type an email that blanket thanks unknown people that might have known about my personal issues.  I generically hint that my situation is bleak but improving.  And thank you for understanding!  Then I reply to a ton of emails just to time and date stamp my dedication.  Up early on Sunday morning!  Working for the Man!  

 When I'm done I listen to Sera's voicemails.  My memory is shit these days.  I missed her play she because I said I was working...Certainly not holed up in my apartment snorting oxycodone and playing video games.  That would be pathetic.

 Sera left me my ration of pills near the answering machine.  There is a note reminding me of one last show.  Sunday at 1:00pm.  Wow.  What a piece of work I am.  I don't even remember constructing these lies to the one person who actually gives a shit about me.  I look by the pills.  Two oxy 15 mg and two morphine ER pills.  A day's ration for my taper.

 I swallow them and throw away her note.

 *****

 "I don't know.  Pills just don't do it" I say while scratching my arms.  

 I'm in the backroom of the bowling alley arcade.  I can hear children playing video games and skeeball as we smoke cigarettes and watch lesbian porn.

 "So shoot it" says The Gargoyle watching TV.  

 He is a rat faced little fucker.  I look at his name tag.  It says Larry.  I don't think I have ever called him anything.  Certainly not Larry.  He doesn't look like a fucking Larry.  Usually I'm in and out.  But today, The Gargoyle has coke.  I get a taste to see if I want any.  He sits in his office chair and I sit on a box of bleach.  Two young women with plastic looking bodies make noisy love on the screen.

 "You can shoot oxy?" I ask.

 "I don't know.  I meant dope" he says dreamily.  I look at him.  

 The Gargoyle is high as a motherfucker.  We have never talked this much.  Usually he just counts the money and grunts.    

 "I have tar and some needles if you want to shoot...Oh yeah.  Cutting back right?"

 "Trying.  Fuck this is good coke.  How much for an 8ball?"

 "No egg-balls" says The Gargoyle.  "$45 a gram.  It's cut but better than the shit you get from the spics."

 I look at him.  He doesn't know what a 8ball is.  More of his foreign face peeks through.  His sleeves are rolled up and on his forearms I see tracks.  He always takes the drugs from his pockets but he always sits at the desk.  Doesn't matter if he's talking to you, playing Nintendo or watching porn.  Not the best spot to see his little TV.  

 He's protecting the desk.  

 "$45?  Can I get 3 for $120?  Oh and you got a smoke?  I'm out."

 The Gargoyle looks up at me.  We both know I've been here longer than necessary.  Business can be wrapped up in two minutes.  Bags, count cash, grunt, Bye.  Anything more is social.  

 He grunts, opens the desk and takes out a bottle of vodka, some crackers and a can of sardines.  He passes me his pack of Player's cigarettes and a lighter.  He gets up and leaves the room.  The desk is wide open.  Well, this is a treat.  I lean back and wait.

 He comes back with two shot glasses, a plate of pickles and a bottle of mustard.  He opens the sardines, plops a hunk on a cracker, squirts mustard on it and gives it to me with a pickle.  Then he makes one for himself.    

 "$125 for three" says The Gargoyle.  

 I nod in agreement.

 He pours us each a shot of vodka, we clink glasses and he gulps it down.  I follow and we eat.  A cycle begins.  We no longer watch the sad lesbians pantomime pleasure.  We talk.  He is from Russia but came over as a teen.  Oddly enough, my druggy appetite that craves Pepsi and candy finds this combination of sardines, pickles, crackers and vodka harmonious and wholesome.    

 "Larry?" I ask looking at the name tag.  

 "Leopold" he says quietly after we take another drink.  

 "You" he points at me with his smoke, "you're rich.  You spend $1,000?  Maybe $1,500 a month here?"

 I take the bottle, pour myself a shot and break protocol on purpose.  Maybe I should have stuck with The Gargoyle and the grunting.  Not sure I like Leopold.  

 "Rich?  Nope."

 "But you have a wife.  Kids?"

 "Nope."

 "Hmm."  

 He stares at me.  Open, rude and somewhat hostile but hell, he's Russian.  He no longer makes a move to pour or make crackers.

 "Well Leopold, I gotta go" I announce looking at my watch.  I put my jacket back on and smile at him.

 "What time is it?" asks Leopold.  "No!  Don't look at watch.  So what time is it?"

 I can see his computer clock out of the corner of my eye.

 "Alright.  3:17pm."

 "Hmm" he grunts as he pulls three bags of coke from his pocket.  I give him more cash.  He counts and grunts again.

 "Thanks" I turn to leave.

 "You want dope?  Or next week?"

 I look at him and he grins.  That rodent, yellow-toothed gargoyle grin.  This is why you don't text your weaknesses at 5 am.  

 "Just tar?  Any powder?" I ask.

 "Now tar.  My cousin coming is out with powder next week.  More coke too.  Same quality."

 "Coming out from where?  East coast?  New York?"

 "That girl.  The redhead with the big ass, she doesn't know you inject right?" asks Leopold quietly.  "Her name is...?  Sera?"

 "Text me for powder" I say as I zip up my jacket.  "Thanks for the vodka."

 Fucker.  He always had a sleazy vibe but the creepy, intrusive thing is new.  It was a mistake to come here in a suit.  It was a mistake to bring Sera here.  

 Shit.  Sera...

 It's complicated.  We are not a couple but we are usually together.  A weekend without Sera is noticeable.  Every time she gets a boyfriend she cheats on them until the relationship collapses.  And she is ALWAYS there for me.  Her musical has run three weekends and I missed them all.  

 Or have I?  Mildly drunk and buzzed on coke I come up with a plan.  The plan has two enemies.  Time and circumstance.  I use my house key and take another bump of coke.  The plan is solid.  Let's do this.

 I haven't had coke for years.  The clarity and power it imparts...why did I stop?  I enter the cab and give him the address to a florist I already called to make sure they're open.

 "Red roses.  Babies breath.  No ferns.  One dozen please."

 The elderly Asian woman expertly trims and arranges while the cab waits out front.  I pay and leave a tip because coke makes me appreciative.  This lady is an artist.  The bouquet is beautiful and the tiny white flowers look like stars surrounding a scarlet nebula.

 "De Anza College.  Wherever their auditorium is.  Like for musicals and plays.  You know it?"

 "Yeah" answers the driver, "what's playing today?"

 "I have no idea."

 We arrive and I pay.  As I walk across the campus I know I'm too late.  I see a sparse crowd milling around out front.  People in Victorian period costumes mingle with the crowd.  I recognize a guy from one of the bar sessions dressed in a old fashioned tuxedo.

 "Hi.  Is Sera around?"

 "Oh hey man!" he says recognizing me.  He looks at the flowers and sadly shakes his head.  "Left after the show."

 I text Sera some bullshit how I am done and would like to meet up but she doesn't respond.  The cab takes me home.  Sera has a key and comes and goes as she pleases but the place is empty.  Quiet.  I drop the flowers near the answering machine and turn on the TV to swallow the lonely, still air.  I take out my purchases, sit at my glass table and start crushing pills with a silver dollar.  I chop coke into the oxy with my driver's license.  The cocaine is new and I am glad because I have had this moment hundreds of times.  Rotting euphoria.  

 My cellphone rings and I grab it.  Caller ID says it's Rosie, so I ignore.

 I'll try Sera again later.  



http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3g3ncp/seras_roses/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-10 19:23:32, # COMMENTS: 27, SCORE: 34
TITLE: Missing, POST BODY: "Hi!  This is my sister Karyn!  Have you seen her?" asks Zoey.  She holds up a high school portrait of a honey blond girl with a shy smile.  

A man stops and looks at the flyer.  This is rare.  Most just walk by.

"Sorry Miss. Good luck."

"Thanks sir and God bless!"

Dev sits on her haunches and stares dully at the blur of people.  Nothing makes her get up.  Thousands of people stream past a story that has been told thousands of times.    

Dev asked Melo to put up pictures in the park this morning.  In a month, the fog and rain will reduce them to meaningless wisps of pulp.  Melo also added the flyer to the Sad Cafe.  The Sad Cafe is a missing persons bulletin board near the fountains.  Mostly for kids sucked onto the hippie highway.  Since Jerry Garcia's death, Golden Gate park has become a vortex for all things tie-dyed and lost.  

Zoey works tirelessly in her cheerful, sing-song voice asking people about her sister.  Dev watches glumly.  She knows Zoey didn't ride a bus for fifteen hours from Utah just to fill out missing person report.  She needs to do this as part of the process.  The Thief has insisted.  Of all people...the Thief.  Just shows you can never know anyone's heart 100%.  

But it's a sad day.  Cloudy day sad.  Restrained to the hospital bed sad.  Cemetery sad.  

Dev sighs and lowers her head into her arms.  The faceless people march by.  

Kym brought Zoey into this story when she asked to put up a flyer at Canon cafe.

"Yes" said Kym looking at the picture. "Put one on the window by the door facing out.  Put the other one by the register" said Kym wiping up steamed milk from the counter with a rag.  

"Bless you" smiled Zoey.

"Ok, whatever" said Kym going back to work.

Zoey walked over to the window and stopped.  Kym watched her and realized she was crying.  She walked over and put her hand on Zoey's shoulder.

"You ok?"

"I don't even have tape!" laughed Zoey.  "I don't know what I'm doing!  The police said be patient...oh sorry.  I'm crying."

Kym takes her to a table and brings her ice water.  Then she tapes up the flyers.  Kym looks at the picture of Karyn Parker.

Fuck.

"Where are you staying?"

"A couple blocks that way" points Zoey.  "Motel 8."

"Yeah?  What are you doing tonight?" asks Kym sitting across from her.

"I don't know."

Ever since the girl walked in with the flyers, Kym was thinking of ways to avoid this.  But she couldn't think of anything.  Nothing about Zoey feels good.  But she knew she was going to say this the moment she saw the damn flyer.      

"I'm working here tomorrow at 5:30am" sighs Kym rubbing her face.  She looks up with a tired smile.  "Stay at my place?  Have dinner, meet my roommates, hangout and relax.  They're idiots, but nice idiots.  I'll bring you back tomorrow morning.  Ok?"

"Really?  Are you sure?"

Kym nods.  

"Wow!  The Lord is helping me Kym.  He brought me to you!"

"Uhm, ok" smiles Kym.  "Hey, I get off at 6:00.  Lord or not, I leave exactly at 6 because I need to catch the Muni to get to BART."

"I'll be here at 6."

The phone is ringing.  I can barely hear it.  I put down the book and crush out my cigarette.  I turn down Johnny Thunders because it is ridiculously loud and obnoxious like the guy who put it on when he saw his roommate was studying.

"Hey!" complains Jason.     

"Hello?"

"Hi.  Is Jase there?"

"Yes."

"Put me on speaker."

This is cutting edge 90's technology and I need a moment to think how to do this.  Ok.  Push Hold, push Speaker on the answering machine, hang up and push Speaker again..?

"Kym?"

"Hi babe!  Ok you and Jase, need to hide everything.  Drugs, bongs, mirrors, pills, straws and clean up all the roaches and burnt foil.  Open the windows and air the place out."

"Why?"

"A friend is coming over.  She's like a Mormon or something."

"What?  Why should-" puffs up Jason.

"Just fucking clean up!  Her sister's missing.  It's some sad shit so be decent ok?"

So we clean up.  Jason stashes some cocaine and China powder in the bathroom behind the spare towels.  Lately he's been doing well.  Considering our past and all the TVs and other items he "borrowed", Jason has been very generous.  Kym doesn't know this, but Jase has paid the last two months rent and bills.  

But then again, she also doesn't realize how much cash and cocaine Jase stores here.  He keeps the amounts vague, but I'd say he's hiding prison-sized quantities these days.  

The girl that comes home with Kym is milk and honey.  Zoey is so pure you feel the need to protect her like a lost kitten.  She doesn't drink and makes us feel self-conscious about our appearances.  Her sobriety and sunny disposition is like a rare blossom in our degenerate household.  

Though she's our age, Zoey's face glows so much younger.  Rosy, apple cheeks with an open, friendly smile.  Nothing lurking behind her eyes.  Zoey wears a pink GAP sweatshirt and jean shorts overalls.  Curly blond hair frames an optimistic face.  She reminds me of wholesome things left behind.  Life before spiked leather jackets, endless cigarettes and addiction. 

Zoey looks so new and fresh.  Jason and I look like we got dressed in the dark by grabbing whatever was on the floor.  And this is partially true.  We all look so worn out.  Even Kym with her faded purple hair.  She wears a Rancid t-shirt, black tights with cigarette burns and muddy boots.  Her eyes are weary.  Like too many cocaine nights weary.

Dev comes over to take a shower and meets Zoey.  Dev is instantly intrigued.  In many ways, these two are similar.  Both are obviously insane yet treat everyone around them with an abundance of kindness.  

Zoey takes off her backpack which is full of missing flyers and a notebook.  She digs a pager out of her pocket that is linked to the phone number on the flyers.  Zoey studies it for a second and puts it away.  She shares her notebook with us.  

Her younger sister Karyn is 18.  Left home two weeks before graduating high school.  Moved to San Francisco with her boyfriend Ian Miller who is in a band.  In one month, the boyfriend returned to Utah alone.  Karyn called home two more times after that.  Both times for money.  Last call was 44 days ago.  

"Ian gave me some phone numbers and addresses I shared with the police.  But nothing.  They both did drugs.  I made a list:  Marijuana, alcohol, ice which I think is cocaine, LSD and two things called 'X' and 'tar'.  My dad thinks 'tar' is slang for hashish."

Kym looks at me.  Jason stares at the ground.  I get up and go to the bathroom.  I take out the stash and do two bumps of coke and one of the powder.  Fuck...the pearl is good.  Almost an instant nod.  I check my nose, light a cigarette, flush the toilet and walk back out.

"...tar is heroin Zoey.  The 'X' is ecstasy, like the rave drug.  And ice isn't coke.  It's meth.  But calling it 'ice' is weird.  Only the Tongans call it ice.  That's so east bay" says Dev.  

Zoey writes everything down.

Jason stares at Dev in disbelief and Kym has her knees drawn up tight like she is uncomfortable.  Truths makes Jason, Kym and I uncomfortable.  But, this is Dev.  Her mechanical doll voice will state what she knows.  She will not lie.  

"Jase knows the clubs" continues Dev as Jason squirms in his chair.  "What kind of music did they play?"

"Rap stuff.  I have a picture from their demo tape...here!  Ian is the guy on the left."

We look at the picture.  Two white guys in Oakland Raider jerseys and bandanas stand in front of a Cadillac at a used car lot.  Ian is is a little guy with the stage name MC Beastly.  

"Not much music like that in the clubs I go to" shrugs Jason.

Kym gets up and goes to the bathroom.  I feel good.  The veil of opiates spreads across my melancholy mood making this bearable.  Dev looks at me and knows.  With my eyes, I do a quick glance down the hall.  Her predatory eyes narrow for an instant in acknowledgement.  Then her face goes blank again.      

"I'm gonna get some Chinese food" announces Jason standing up.  "Thinking some seafood pan-fried crispy noodles and hot and sour soup."

Dev goes down the hall.  Kym comes back sniffling.  

"Hunan beef with snow peas" demands Kym.  "My keys are by my wallet."

"Oh Thief?" pipes in Dev from the bathroom.  

Jason smiles as Zoey.  

"It's just a silly little nickname she has for me..." mutters Jason as he walks down the hall.  

Jason goes into the bathroom with Dev and shuts the door.  No.  That's not strange at all.  A a few minutes later he walks out sniffling.  

"Can you get something vegetarian?" pipes Dev from the bathroom.  "Like mapo tofu?"

"Sure" says Jason mildly walking down the hall.  His eyes are pinned.  

"What about you guys?" asks Jason looking at Zoey and I.

"I can eat anything" says Zoey unzipping her wallet.

"Hey.  It's ok Zoey" smiles Jason.  "I got this."

"But-"

"Don't worry" he reassures her.  "I get deals.  Let me do this.  Ok?"

"Ok" she smiles.  "Thank you Jason."

Dev comes back and sits down.  Jason grabs Kym's keys and whistles as he walks down the stairs with the food order.

"How do you know?" asks Dev looking at Zoey.

"Hmm?"  

"You're sure Karyn's here in the city.  How?"

Zoey closes her notebook and blushes.  "Sorry Dev.  I just...it's shameful."

"No" says Kym, sitting across from her in a dreamy, high voice.  "Nothing is shameful!  We're just people you know?  Living life..."

"I know but we are a very religious family.  Karyn did things with men and-" Zoey covers her face and takes a deep breath.

Dev gets up and puts her arm around her.  Zoey melts against her tiny frame shuddering.  

"The Heavenly Father...oh poor Karyn!"

"Yes...Poor Karyn" says Dev stroking Zoey's hair.  

Dev looks up at Kym and I.  She slowly shakes her head once.  Tears roll down her small face.

"Of fuck" says Kym getting up.  

I watch her stumble unsteadily down the hall.  As the bathroom door closes, I hear her sobbing.  

Jason comes back with bags of food.  Zoey is in the bathroom showering.  Kym has changed into pink panda pajamas and makes Zoey a bed on the couch with a sleeping bag and blankets.  Dev sits on the floor, smoking.  She stares out the kitchen window into the dark, dark night.  

"What's wrong with you guys?" asks Jason.

"Dev thinks Karyn's dead" I tell him.

"What?!  You didn't tell her that did you?"

"No" says Dev.

"I fucking believe it" whispers Kym.  "It's like you can tell it happened when she talks about Karyn...I think she knows too!"

"No!" says Jason.  "You can't do this to her!  It's fucked up."

We all look at Jason.  He drops the bags on the table.  

"What the fuck is wrong with you guys?  Kym!  Did you bring her over here to bum her out?"

"No!"

"Then it stops!  Now!  Fuck.  Dev!  No more talking!"

Dev shrugs.

"You!" Jason points at me.  "You're not into this witchy bullshit!"

"Alright, alright."  

Inside, the silence crushes.  The shower is like a timer.  I turn on the TV to distract the spirits.  Zoey comes back wearing Kym's sweats.  We watch her as she checks the pager, sighs and then puts it back.  She thanks Kym for the bedding and brushes her hair on the couch.  Zoey looks around at our faces and knows something has changed.  Dev and Kym won't look at her.  And she starts to cry again.  

Kym walks over and hugs her.

"C'mon Zoey.  Just eat and relax.  You've had a long day."    

"Moping won't help" announces Jason as he opens the food.  Instantly we can all feel his energy.  The room gets a little brighter.  Zoey looks up at him.  "You need a plan Zoey.  Cover the areas where you think she's been.  Bars, clubs whatever.  I gotta go out later.  I'll take some flyers and put them up in clubs."

"Yeah" I say clearing my throat.  "I can put some up at school.  Like the library, dorms, bulletin boards.  Maybe someone will recognize her."

"I can help too" says Dev.  Jason glares at her but Dev continues.  "I know a lot of people in the park.  My boyfriend can hang up flyers tomorrow if you give me some."

"Thanks guys!"

"I stole this map from Kym's car" says Jason, "we can outline all the areas your sister might have been.  Then put dots for all the places you posted flyers.  Like you posted some at Kym's work today in Union.  So put a dot like this.  See?"

"Yeah" says Zoey as she pulls her blond locks up in a hair-tie and plops herself in front of the map.  "Tomorrow I want to put up flyers at some of these addresses I got from Ian."

Kym looks at them.  "These are in the Tenderloin Zoey.  Go with one of the guys and don't go at night."    

"I can go tomorrow morning before school" I say.  "Meet at Kym's work, 8:30am?"

"Yes!" smiles Zoey nodding her head.  Her smile and Jason's confidence chase the ghosts from the room.  

"If you come back to Kym's after I can meet you and show you my corner.  Thousands of people walk by at lunch.  After, I'll take you to the park" says Dev.

"Ok.  Let me write this stuff down!" says Zoey as she starts to plan out tomorrow's schedule.

Kym squeezes my hand and looks at Jason who looks back.  Kym mouths, 'Thank you' to him.  Jason winks and goes back to the map.

We saw Zoey two more days in the city and then never again.  

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3gj4kx/missing/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-13 18:13:22, # COMMENTS: 0, SCORE: 14
TITLE: The Wrong Side of the Door, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3gwrog/the_wrong_side_of_the_door/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-13 19:43:20, # COMMENTS: 4, SCORE: 17
TITLE: Lost post, POST BODY: Hi I left a story for you guys but it never showed up.  I'll post it later if it doesn't pop up.  It's in r/drugs if you wanna see it now.  Or check my name.  

Have a safe one people. , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3gx33w/lost_post/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-13 22:21:39, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 12
TITLE: The Wrong Side of the Door, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3gxm5h/the_wrong_side_of_the_door/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-13 22:33:38, # COMMENTS: 12, SCORE: 49
TITLE: The Wrong Side of the Door, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3gxnml/the_wrong_side_of_the_door/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-17 03:28:21, # COMMENTS: 48, SCORE: 65
TITLE: Sibyl's Cave, POST BODY: "Should we call 911?"

 My eyelid is peeled back.  Melo.  He is growing a beard.  This means it has been weeks since we hung out.

 "Nah.  He's just nodded.  Look he's back.  Yo!  You ok man?"

 "Yeah" I hear myself say.  

 Daylight from the window shines upon my ending.  On my futon is a circle of blood-stained toilet paper.  Within the circle is a pot we once used to cook ramen and macaroni.  Now it is filled with ashes from all her burned letters and thoughtful cards, some broken needles and cigarette butts.  The flotsam and jetsam of a man trying to delete his world.  

 "Let's take him to the clinic.  He's fucked up.  Can you walk?"

 "Yes..?"

 I stand up and fall.  Arms help me back up.  

 "Maybe call an ambulance?  Shit!  There's no phone.  Someone ripped it out of the wall."

 "No hospital!" I beg.  "I need a shot..."

 "Dude I don't have anything."

 Now I am alive.  In my anger I see Melo clearly.  Liar.  Demon.  Give me some fucking smack!

 "Please...Melo?" I beg him.  

 Dev steps over and caresses my face.  I jerk back.  Don't touch me.

 "Jackie at the clinic can help" smiles Dev.  "You NEED help Vagabond!"

 She tries to hug me but I push her away.  These fuckers holding out on me?!  They are trying to kill me.  I know.  Ok, I'll let them lead me for awhile and then run.  I think I have some books in my closet.  I'll sell them.  Should be enough for today.  The Mexicans by the soccer field in the park sell $15 bags.  That is two normal shots.  Or one fat shot.  But what if I can't make it back here?  What if they steal everything while I'm gone?

 "Wait a second."  

 I open the box.  The heroin is gone.  I swallow the leftover pills, gather the half burned cigarettes into my pocket with the lighter that still works.  Then I pick up the picture.  When Dev and Melo see who it is, they both look away.  I zip the photograph into the innermost pocket of my jacket where I usually hide my dope.  Where I store my treasure.

 Melo leads me out of my room.  I walk through a stranger's house.  It reeks of piss and shit and death.  I recognize the couch but nothing else.  Piles of garbage, holes in the walls and spray paint.  The refrigerator hangs open like a yawning mouth, the light extinguished.  No food is needed in a place where people wait to die.  Dev tells me Melo will come back for my things but I don't care.  Everything is already lost.  This is the end.

 They lead me out into the street and as the first waves of withdrawal stagger me.  I'll get more I promise myself.  It will be alright.  I just gotta slip these fools and I'll get more.  Enough for today...

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 This story began in a cave.  The Roman general that burned the Libri Sibyllini beneath the Temple of Jupiter 1,500 years ago was wrong.  There is more than one volume because these mad birds still sing.  Sibyls are everywhere.  Screaming from street corners, raving in bars, chained in hospitals and living in city parks.  

 And there are many, many caves in the souls of the lost.    

 Yes it is true chemicals ate into my brain.  Frenzied ants feasting upon sugar but I can still see it so clearly in my mind...Was my life nothing but a moth's dream?    

 This was before they had to restrain me.  This was before the sun melted the wax from my false wings.  This was before I was re-trained by state issued medical professionals to be normal.  

 But even handcuffed to the bed I fell so far.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 My friends are gone.  Strangers camp here.  They used to give me money or drugs.  Mostly drugs.  Not sure who is in charge but I hear animals fighting.  Screams.  There is no more electricity or cable TV.  The blue, fairy glow of ice burning in crack pipes is the only light in the Darkness.  The last time I walked through my living room, no one looked at me.  Strangers.

 A box that once contained high heels for a beautiful woman now holds my life.  Heroin.  Also some pills, scraps of LSD, a metal measuring spoon, lighters and a blood stained shoelace wrapped around two used needles.  I cook while I still have daylight.  Cooking shots is the only time my hands are steady.  

 At the bottom of the box, beneath it all, is a photograph.  I leave her face down.  I don't need to look at her.  This picture is burned into my eyes.

 And if I close them...

 She reclines casually on a couch smoking a cigarette. It was taken during one of her blond phases.  She looks up at the camera likes she knows I will be staring at this picture for one thousand years.  Her eyes reach out and catch my soul.  The drowning blue stare.  

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 The mountain is cool in the summer.  The path leading up to the rock face is lush with ferns, vines and flowers.  The air here is floral scented and the breeze from the sea is fresh and clear.  A giant crack in the rock face rises up like a frozen scream.  The god's mouth.  

 I enter the god.

 Inside is starlight.  Phosphorus blues and interstellar greens softly illuminate the interior.  Stalactites drip continuously as I travel down a slick, muddy trail.  Down the path is a forgotten shrine carved into the wall of the cave.  Someone has lit the altar fire and it crackles hypnotically as I approach.  One of the columns has collapsed, knocking over a pair of statues that once embraced each other.  Their youthful bodies are eerily beautiful in the flickering firelight.  Her full breasts are exposed as her robes slips forward revealing rounded hips.  His torso is sculpted with taunt muscles stretched in motion and life as he reaches for her...but their heads are missing.  I step over the ruins to inspect the shrine.  Blood offerings have been placed in the votive flames for over 2,000 years.  The priests that tended this place are gone.  Their civilization has fallen.  

 But many still worship this god.  

 Behind the altar, carved into the wall is a message.  I trace my stained fingers across the words: 'Heaven is the embrace of the flower god.  But in his sweet mercy is death.'  

 Once again, the god gifts me the soft peace.  Flowers blossom in the Darkness.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 "Oh no...It doesn't even look like a vein anymore!  It looks like a long, dried up spaghetti worm.  Oh my poor sweet Vagabond.  Are you in there?  Melo help me get him up-"

 "Hold on.  Those fucking tweakers are still out there- HEY!  GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!  THIS ISN'T A SQUAT!  GO!"

 I can hear them.  Old friends.  The best friends.  Yelling into the mouth of the god.  Sounds from the real world dancing across the void.  

 Someone still cares?  About me?  I vow to take more LSD so I can stay awake in their world.  Or is it my world?  I have forgotten...But I don't want them to come inside my cave.  No one should enter the god's scream.  

 For in my cave there is only slavery, madness and death.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 Fiber optic cables and copper wiring suspend the office chair from hundreds of feet.  But even in the lowest part of my cave there is a single ray of sunshine.  It stabs the Darkness and illuminates the chair and the Sibyl.  

 "See the Light?  There is always Pandora's gift" sings the demented thing in the chair.  

 A tiny doll woman dressed in a rotting, Nike tracksuit.  Bare feet with black, curled toenails.  

 "Dev?"

 "Nobody that loves you is down here" the Sibyl laughs. "Down here is just your broken hallway mirror.  The dragon that eats itself!"

 The chair moves in a circle above me, creaking.  And she sings.  A horrible noise.  Truth pours from her mouth and blood weeps from her eyes.  A fountain of insanity.  I see it all.  She tells me how it will end.  

 A trail of broken smiles.  Women crying alone in the dark.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 When the sun melts the wax, I plummet into her eyes.  The deep blue of her oceans.  The plunge was sudden but soothing.  I want to keep sinking into her Darkness...


~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 "Wears off quickly now doesn't it?  Legs jolting in agony, thrashing in your bed...Snot streaming from your nose while you shit your fucking guts out screaming and INSANE!" screeches the thing in the office chair.

 I cover my ears and pray for my god to soothe the madness.  But she is right.  My shot is already wearing off.

 "You will fall back to your wretched life!  IF YOU'RE LUCKY."    

 The Sibyl leers at me, her face blurring like a deck of shuffling cards.  Shuffling faces of women I know.  The faces flip past but She keeps coming up.  Her eyes...    

 "Succumb to Heaven!  Kiss me with blue lips!  Hold me with cold arms!  No longer cry about Earthly possessions or love.  Soon the moths will come and cover your eyes!  From sniffing to smoking.  From smoking to shooting.  What is left?  Oh you know what is left...One last high my love!"

 My ears are covered but the Sibyl's cackling laughter echoes inside my skull.  There is a vacuum WHOOSH! and I fall.  The beam of sunlight vanishes.  The altar fires are cold.  The smothering blackness crushes me as I feel moths brushing against my face.  

 "The skeleton in the corner cradles your clock babe" whispers Kym's voice from the Darkness.

 I scream and scream and scream.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 The god speaks.  "I can make it all go away.  Heaven.  You know the my price."  

 And the love of a god is a powerful thing.  I writhe around in a sickly moist spot trying to find myself.  I think I pissed the futon.  Or maybe it's sweat.  The room is dark but I find the box, take the shoelace and tie off.  I slap my arm feverishly.  Rise goddamn you!  Show me the road to my heart.  Just one more time!  

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 "Mrs. Severson?  Hello, my name is Devika Liora!  I'm a friend of your son.  Hi.  Well you need to pick him up.  He's very ill" says Dev into the pay phone.  "What?  We tried to take him to the clinic but he refused.  He gave me this number."

 When you wake up on the sidewalk, you know you fucked up.  You might not remember when or where...but you definitely fucked up.  My cheek presses against the concrete.  It's still warm from the morning sun.  I can smell piss and bleach here.  Garbage obscures my view but I hear people walking by.  I doubt they would spare me a look.  City people walk with purpose.  Eyes forward and never acknowledging the lost.

 They just keep walking.

 "We should call an ambulance" mutters Melo.

 "No hospital!" I groan.  

 I feel very strongly about this.  Once I go in...

 "Ok.  We are at Valenc-" says Dev but she stops and throws her hands up in despair.  "She needs a pen!  Melo, give him some of that valium."

 "Really?"

 "Yes Mr. Melo!  With his habit he will be hurting so just-oops.  Wait a second" says Dev going back to the phone.  "Yes!  Hi!  Ok, do you have a pen ready?"

 I try to get up. The effort makes my world smear and tumble.  I feel like I'm falling.  The dizziness of daylight tumbles down, crushing, squeezing...and I puke.

 "Eww gross" squeaks Dev.  "What?  No Mrs. Severson.  He's fucked up, I mean excuse me, he's sick.  I don't know!  Drugs or something?  Can you get him please?  The 600 block of Valencia.  Near the used clothing place.  How long?  Ok.  We'll wait.  Please hurry.  Ok.  Goodbye."

 "I'm sick" I announce uselessly.  

 No one says anything.  I curl into a protective ball on the sidewalk.  Looking up, I can see a pink sign.

 SAVE NOW!

 "Yes please."

 Darkness.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 Dev fed me some valium and shared a cigarette with me while we waited.  Sharing a cigarette with her reminded me of Kym.  The three us always shared smokes.  She held my hand the whole time and promised me everything would be all right.  My mom pulled up.  Too weak to stand, Melo helped me into the car.  Bless Devika.  And though I never saw her again, it was not the last kindness she gifted me.  

Dreams are funny things.  

 I'm 23,  lost the love of my life, flunked out of school, smell like piss and am nothing but a sick, demented junkie.  My mom is talking.  I blur in and out of reality and comprehend only fragments.

 "...a junkie!...knew this would...like your father!  Great staff...hospital..."

 "NO!" I yell.  "No hospital!"

 "Honey!  You're so sick!  The doctors will make you..."

 And I give up.  No more reasons to do anything but wait and see what happens next.  It can't be any worse.  Right?  I try and take out her picture but my hands are shaking too much to work zippers.  

 I am dying.  Someone cries.  Me?  My mom?  Both?

 Then it happens.  The mercy.  Maybe I ate LSD when I swallowed pills...Maybe the car stereo is on.  Maybe my brain stuck in the Maui loop.  

 That song she used to listen to to get ready to go out...'Dreaming' by Blondie.  And I can see her dancing.  The song poured into her soul and radiated from her body like an exploding sun.   At a club, all dressed up and her rhythm is pure gravity.  A celestial body in motion creating the Universe.  Everyone watches her dance for she is beautiful, erotic and connects them to the energy that shapes the tide and moves the planet.  But I was luckier.  I not only saw but I also tasted.  I smelled the heat rise off of flesh as she danced only for me.  Dancing wild and free.  Wearing only her Egyptian eyeliner highlighting that drowning blue stare...

 My falling star.  My wish that slipped away.  Power, magic and unearthly beauty.  You bind me to reality for I remember you walking down the street.  Your hand in mine.  You are real.  Proof how lovely it is without the god.  

There is no god., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3hakx5/sibyls_cave/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-21 01:15:16, # COMMENTS: 38, SCORE: 39
TITLE: Summer Blues, POST BODY: "Holy shit dude..." exhales Jason pounding the table.  "This!  This is what I need!  Mother...fucker."

We have been on acid for three nights.  We both have vials of liquid and keep dosing each other for fun.  But we need to come down.  Life is getting strange.  I finally found the answer.  Tar.  With a McDonald's straw and some foil we are testing it out.  And damn...

"Fuckin' like gnomes and unicorns running through the city" laughs Jason.

He bought some heroin last week but it was not like this.  It not did lift the buildings up higher and higher into the sky before everything tumbled down in slow motion.  Crushed in an underwater grip, we sit at the kitchen as the breeze from the poppy fields flows through us.

"Where?" asks Jason serenely.

"Rondo.  He said call him later and he'll hook us up with the dude.  Maybe you should go so I can hang out with Mary."

"Who?" mocks Jason and then he laughs.  "Dude your girlfriend has been here for three days and you spent it high with me.  Looking for gnomes!"

I shrug.  It is weird.  I can't believe Mary is going to Europe for the rest of the summer.  We planned to go up to Eagle Lake and relax but this sorority thing came up.  I suppose I am a little upset.  She comes out here and I think we are going to the lake...but she tells me she is off to Italy.  So I hang with Jason.  Looking for gnomes.

"And unicorns" says Jason reading my mind.  "I'm gonna go see Rondo.  His band is playing the Strawberry Theater.  Yeah...THIS is what it's supposed to feel like.  Wow.  Dude, we NEED this connect."

I can barely move but nod dreamily.  Then I hear the door rattling.  Mary.  

"Light a smoke" I warn Jason.

I watch him try and light it.  He is fucked up.  Shiny, red eyes.  A stupid, happy look smeared across a poorly shaved head.  He looks like an ugly octopus.  He giggles trying to work the lighter.  He accomplishes this just as my girlfriend walks in.

"Oh...Hello Mary.  How are you doing this fine afternoon?" asks Jason in a normal voice with a normal expression.

I start cracking up as Jason giggles.

"Jesus you guys are stoners!" admonishes Mary.  "Man it stinks in here.  Like someone's burning bandaids!"  

Mary is in a great mood.  She even puts up with Jason.  Though mentally, I am barely here, she takes me out, feeds me and talks at me.  We have sex.  Life could be worse.

"Hey where's the mail key?  I need to check if my passport is here.  My dad mailed it two days ago."

"Hanging by that hallway mirror" I say.

Mary checks herself out the mirror as she retrieves the key.  Then she walks out.  San Francisco.  The Mission.  Not a bad spot, she thinks walking down the stairs to the mail box.  Her mom told her the Mission was too ethnic but who cares?  Her current big decision is whether or not to leave two days early to catch up with her friends in London...or she could spend the two days with her boyfriend and fly straight to Italy.  Too bad Jason is around.  London is definitely winning, she muses.

Mary walks down the stairs past a tiny homeless girl sitting on the edge of the steps.

"Hello" says the girl to Mary.  

She is dressed like a gypsy deadhead.  Raggedy skirt, headband and orange sweater three sizes too big.  Mary fake smiles and keeps walking.  She opens the mailbox and Voila!  Passport.  

The girl is still staring.  Crazy?  Drugs?  Oh yeah.  Mary looks at her.  Definitely a vagrant.  The girl stares at Mary with a wicked, impish smile.  Time to go back inside thinks Mary.

"Too bad he's not gonna write much about you" says the girl.  

Mary ignores this and returns upstairs.  Her boyfriend and his friend have barely moved.  That Jason is such a bad influence, thinks Mary.  I wish he would go away.

"Well I'm outta here" says Jason standing up and crushing out his cigarette.

I raise my eyebrow.  What about the smack?  I shared...would be nice to get some more.  Jason catches my look.  

"I'll let you know later.  Have fun with your uh, girlfriend dude."

"Bye Jason" drones Mary insincerely, "Oh and I might be leaving sooner than planned so if I miss you...uh yeah."

"Je men fous" shrugs Jason as he walks off.  

"Ok then!" says Mary looking at me.  "What does that mean?  Something rude right?"

I shrug.  

With Jason gone, Mary sits in his chair.  I still see trails off of every movement and stare as waterfall Mary pours into the chair.  Her new GAP clothes are so alien in the city.  She looks like tourist wandering around Pier 39.  Poor Mary.  She lacks style.  She looks so much better naked than she does with clothes on.

"What do you mean if you leave earlier?" I ask.

"Oh I might have to fly to London.  My mom's making me fly a crazy route to save money.  Hey!  Let's go see a movie tonight?"

Jason jogs down the stairs and looks at his watch.  He has at least 5 minutes til Muni.  All the LSD they have been doing has started messing with his brain.  Things like time or stairs are not only profoundly weird, they baffle him.  Halfway down the stairs, Jason almost screams.  The witch girl is here.  God fucking damnit, thinks Jason wishing his roommate was here to witness this LSD madness.  Only another fucker on LSD for three days could begin to understand.  The creepy witch girl that haunts the park is now sitting on their fucking stairs.  

"Hi!" says the girl in her weird mechanical doll voice.

"Why?" asks Jason.  "WHY are you here?"

"Someday I won't be here" says the girl hugging herself.  Then she points at Jason's door.  "I'll be there.  Like a lot!"

After the chill passes, Jason chases away the ghosts by braying like a donkey.  He laughs and laughs.  Then the girl starts laughing too. Jason walks down the road and still laughing, he steps onto the Muni and is spirited away.

"Yeah.  Tomorrow.  Sorry ok?" she says sincerely.

In Mary's round about way of softening the truth, she finally admits she is off to London.  Tomorrow.  She told me this after we saw the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  Forrest Gump.  As far as I could tell, we were mocking a retard and fucking with history.  Mary loved it.  We went home and she started packing.  

The phone was ringing.  Mary answered it thinking it was her ride for tomorrow.  One of the advantages of being in a sorority is you can boss around new girls to drive you to the airport.  But it was Jason.

"How ya feeling?"

"I've been better" I mutter, "Mary is leaving tomorrow to London."

"Fuck Mary" says Jason indignantly, "I mean the LSD.  It's hitting you again right?  I put enough in your water to dose a cow."

"What?  You dosed me again?"

"Yeah so what?  I'm fucked up man.  You got me right?"

I think about that.  Oh yeah.  

"Are you chewing gum?"

"Yes."

"I got you."

"Dude meet me at the park.  By the fountains.  We need to call a truce brother.  Three days dosing was crazy.  This sneaky fourth day is suicidal.  No more gnomes.  I give up.  NO more ok?  I'm meeting Rondo's connect here.  Come out and let us peace the fuck out."

"Yeah but my girlfriend is leaving tomorrow."

"And?  She's leaving dude.  What does it matter?  Actually dose her!  Do it man!"

I do not dose Mary.  

Mary insisted she had to pack and eat pizza in North Beach with her friends.  I am invited.  As she said this the room hummed and gurgled as all the clocks and windows turned to look at me and laugh in a voice like crinkling newspaper...No thanks.  I wander outside.  In my black leather jacket I have a Muni pass.  I show it to the lady and she lets me on.  That motherfucker did dose me.  I sit behind the gnomes.  They are returning from the marketplace to sell their weird wares to the bridge trolls.

Jason meets me at the Muni stop.  I am grateful.  I have a bad habit of getting lost in the park.  Chainlink fences surround madness.  Like log cabins or Japanese temples.  And the squirrels...well, they show you what evil means.  Way worse than the fucking unicorns.

"Alright dude glad you could make it.  Now be honest I can't figure out last night" says Jason as we walk into the park.  "My ramen?"

"No."

"Toothbrush?  Toothpaste?"

"No.  It was the Animal Crackers during X-Files."

"Hah!  That's when I dosed your taco!"

We wander through the shadows.  The air is growing cooler and city lights sparkle to life far across the dark, grassy fields.

"Rondo said the guy's name is Mellow.  Must be like a rasta-dude" says Jason.  "Supposedly over by the fountains...Oh for fuck's sake!"

 I look and see her.  The tiny homeless chick we have been seeing everywhere.  She sits on a bench and smiles at us as if expecting.  I smile back.

"Hi guys!  I was wondering when you would show up" she says in her weird monotone voice.  

"Maybe she was waiting for you" I tease Jason as we walk up.

"I don't stick my dick in crazy" says Jason.

"Eww gross!" says the girl.  "And rude!  Bad Thief!"

"Well what the fuck?  You're always around!  I get it!  You're creepy!" yells Jason exasperated.

"Hey!" I admonish him.  No need to be mean.  "Calm down dude."

"No!  Fuck this!  Fuck you witch girl!" says Jason pointing at her.  "This creepy bitch was on our front steps!  Like she followed us!  Now she's here?  Fuck this!"

"You got a problem?" says a tall man walking down the path and putting himself between the girl and Jason.

"Doesn't concern you!" growls Jason puffing himself up.  

Too dramatic I think but inside I know things are going off in wrong directions.  The girl senses this too.  She stands up and opens her hands like Easy...  

But Jason pushes it a little too far.  He keeps walking until he is right in front of the guy.  Then he pushes-

One, two maybe three quick punches and Jason is down.  But before gravity can do its job, the man has Jason in a chokehold.  I stare.  Tattooed in bold black across his forearm is 'I am Death.'  

Everything happened faster than Jason could say "Fuck you!"

"Hey let him go!" I yell running up to them.  

The man watches me and pivots causing Jason to get lifted up by his neck.  He hold Jason up like a shield.  A shield that is choking.  I stop.

"Melo let him go!" screams the girl.

The man lets go of his wrist.  The triangle lock he created with his forearm and leverage opens up and Jason drops to the ground sputtering and wheezing.

"Those are the guys I was telling you about" says the girl.

"Oh" says the man looking at me, "Sorry about this.  Hi I'm Melo.  This is my girlfriend Dev."

^()^()^()^()^()^()^()^()^()

We go to Melo and Dev's tent over by the softball fields.  Jason eventually relaxes though he was surly for awhile.  We each buy a gram of tar.  We tribute them a little and watched Dev shoot up.  It is silent and the only movement is the moths fluttering around the lantern flame.  After all the crazy acid days with little sleep, Jason I both nodd out.  

I wake up once.  Jason and I are shoved together in a corner with a Hollie Hobbie quilt draped over us for warmth.  I can smell whiskey.  Dev is cradling Melo's head and whispering something to him.  Though his eyes are closed, I could see tears streaming down his face.  He reaches up to wipe his face and I see the other arm is also tattooed: I am the Darkness.  

I close my eyes.

Jason wakes me up.  Melo and Dev are holding each other across from us.  Melo snores loudly.  Dev opens her eye and winks at us while we climbed out of the tent.  

I knew she was gone before we went inside.  It was after 9 am and the city was already wide awake.  The workers were working, the joggers were showering and the airport was already flying sorority girls to London.  For some reason I didn't feel bad.  I didn't feel sad.  I felt nothing.  Like nothing just happened.  Mary made my futon before she left.  On my pillow was a note:   

You're an asshole.  I'll send you a postcard.


http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3htgf6/summer_blues/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-25 01:20:35, # COMMENTS: 19, SCORE: 27
TITLE: Rise of the Lizard King, POST BODY: After three months of mouldering in the Darkness, I saw my face in the cursed mirror.  My road to ruin is littered with torn plastic bags, empty pill canisters and dull needles.  I hear the Priestess every night in my dreams. Come back, she says. Come back.  But I can't do it.  I won't do it.  Being high is what I know.

But that face in the mirror...I barely know him.  Has that much me really slipped by? What else has happened? I check my bank account.  Demons that move like liquid over my moods release the Panic.  Wild, uncontrollable creatures fill my thoughts.  Cynically, the world is money.  You can believe this or not. But if you like electricity, cable and internet you must acknowledge this shiny, glowing god.

And I acknowledge.  

Everything bad happens.  I run out of Unemployment.  The IRS sends me a threatening letter regarding a tax bill for a cashed out 401K plan that totals more than $10,000.  Do I have gold, jewels or anything tangible to reflect this poor decision?  No.  I pissed it away on heroin and pills.  

I got a blood infection a month ago.  Could literally be from anything. But with whiskey came many missed shots and my shooting hygiene has been poor as of late.  I went to a health clinic without insurance.  They sent me to a hospital.  So $300 to see a doctor and have his admin call an ambulance.  $7,000 for the emergency room visit.  Then a letter outlining my uninsured hospital stay.  Days start at $1,200 plus expenses.  The food was terrible and they were very stingy with the opiates.  Not sure how much of the discomfort was from withdrawal and how much was from sepsis.  But man, the agony was intense.  I was left alone in the Darkness and surrounded by machines.  Here I met a new god I will spend the rest of my life avoiding.  Pain.  

And now my bank is after me.  When Rosie fled the country for taxes or narcotics or whatever, she borrowed money from me.  A thousand here, a thousand there.  The check she wrote me for $6,500 bounced.  When I pointed this out she shrugged and said, "Oh my money is tied up in Costa Rica.  Have my car."  

She signed over her car to me.  I have never actually owned a car and was excited for about a day.  Then the car was gone.  It disappeared from the office parking lot.  My last message from Rosie before her number was disconnected was contact information for the repo company the bank uses.  

My only good fortune in all of this was I was too high to go to the DMV to do the title transfer.  So at home, I burned it.

My net worth is a negative number.  Rent is coming up, there is no food and I have no answers.  Well, I have one answer.  I shoot up in my right arm which is tricky but I have less bruised puncture wounds on that side.  I slip into the nod and another afternoon drifts by.  Cottony clouds of cable TV shows slide into my shiny eyes.  The warmth of my god whispering only gentle things to me brings a lost smile.  Familiar bliss.  

When I awake, the withdrawals boil through me like writhing snakes. Besides muscle aches or nausea, a new sharp pain in my gut fill me with dread. Like roof nails driven into my bowels. I double over and groan. The clock on TV says I have slept for almost 12 hours...really?  Did I OD? Maybe my body craved the sleep.  The couch has a body-sized sweat stain where I twisted and burned.  

I feel terrible.  My first thought is to shoot up.  Just a little...But I remember the visions.  I saw her.  My little priestess.  My guardian.  Unlike the ghosts that chase me across the dream plane, the Priestess is forever kind.  The Priestess shows me only the paths I need to move forward.  Not the ones I enjoy visiting in sorrow.  Not the ones that lead me back to forgotten tropical seas.  Vast oceans of blue opening up like a ghost scream...

She only shows me the path that is needed Now.  

"It is time to summon him" whispers the Priestess.  "Your new mask.  Your old mask is lost and forgotten."

"How?"

"Remember!  Your boldness.  Your confidence.  The powerful man from yesterday and the broken man on the couch today are the same man."

But he is gone Priestess.  Tortured, withered, dead, and forgotten.  But I understand. These problems are my problems, regardless of who wears the mask.

There is a Doors song that is actually a piece of a long forgotten spell.  But in the fragment is true power.  

"I am the Lizard King.  I can do anything."

I awake in clarity.  

When your path is lined with poppies, change will come hard.  Some choose not to leave.  But most do nothing and let the god decide.  The farther you walk down the Path of Flowers the more beautiful the madness becomes.  Each step into the god's garden is one step farther away from your soul.  But do you still care dreamer?  

I care. Thankfully there is the Lizard King.  I create him with half my soul.  I agree to keep one foot in the real world and the Lizard King is my envoy with full powers.  I bind the creature that thinks, ponders and pragmatically solves complex life decisions to my lazy dreamer, self.  

When I wake up, I cringe at my weakness.  My shooting kit is out in the open and a dropped cigarette has burned the couch.  I need help.  So I summon my creation.  Give him a test run.  

The Lizard King is weak from all the years of abuse and needs a little opiate to function.  I feed him enough to stave off sickness.  Two roxies.  I go over my options.  I need a plan.  I get the mail and divide it.  Bills on one side and credit card offers on the other.  Luckily, my credit scores are based on when I had a salary and zero debt.  The Lizard King sorts through the pile.  One is especially attractive.  $20,000 credit, 0% for one year.  I fill it out and call.  I give them my offer number and they run my numbers. Everything goes smoothly until they ask about Employment.

"Freelance" I answer.

The process halts.  I ask to speak to a superior rather than wait because I am on a business trip to Singapore, lies the Lizard King.  A manager gets on and I explain in tech jargon about Nothingness.  Nothing to show and nothing to worry about.  A Rosie trick.  They accept my answer.

Now I have a year.  Selfish me wants a shot.  Selfish me wants to figure out how to turn the credit card into cash.  But the Lizard King hangs up the phone and makes some notes in his planner.  

I go out and enjoy breakfast.  A bagel bacon and egg sandwich, coffee and Help Wanted ads.  The job market looks promising which is positive.  Then I go get a haircut.  I have rotted inside my tomb of an apartment for three months which means I am shaggy.  

A tall Korean woman with long legs and beautiful skin washes my hair and asks how I want my hair cut.  Her touch is magical and I realize I have been away from people too long.  Just to practice, I start flirting and lie about what I do.  She giggles and banters with me.  I see a wedding ring so I start shamelessly hitting on her and then I ask her out.  She turns me down.  But I have made her happy, given the two other ladies cutting hair something to talk about and I realize, I am happy too.  

As I leave, I think of Sera.  For immoral reasons at first but then I remember an email she sent me weeks ago.  Sera has a new job.  She is a recruiter for tech companies.  

With my excellent credit, I open an account at Macys and purchase a new wardrobe.  I must disguise the Lizard King appropriately.  Let them see only the bold creature in nice clothes and ignore the sick, frightened invertebrate cowering inside.  

Back home, the Lizard King does math.  I can live for eight months on what I have if I a spend carefully.  Yes, this includes drugs for the Lizard King is realistic about all matters from eating out to the rising price of illegal oxycodone.  I email Sera for more information about her work, put away my clothes and feel better.  I have taken one step in a direction.  Not sure which direction, but I have started moving.  

I sit down and open a bottle of beer.  Mycroft the fish looks at me so I feed him.  The dehydrated blood worms he eats are probably what my veins look like.  His giant glass jar looks filthy.

"I'm changing Mycroft's water" says the Lizard King.

Actually doing stuff versus dreaming about doing stuff soon is the true power of the Lizard King.  Little motions like cleaning Mycroft's jar beget energy.  This energy starts to gather and build momentum.  Mycroft flashes around his clean bowl and I rinse his anubias plant island in the sink to clean off the dust.

"I need to start exercising in the morning again.  Push ups, sit ups, crunches and yoga to start with" says the Lizard King.

"Ok."

"And we gotta cut back.  No more needles.  Let the holes heal, dude.  You know what I mean."

My gut tightens.  No more shooting until the wounds heal is his old trick.  After the punctures heal, the urge to shoot has usually passed.  Clever.  But I don't like the vague cutting back plan for I am a junkie. I need to know where I stand.  

"Cutting back?" I question.

"Yeah.  With your usual high, I can't function at the level required to trick bosses.  Though you barely feel it and would love to be higher, your brain is mush.  Zero concentration."

I sigh.

"C'mon we gotta climb out of the hole.  I can do this!  But I need you."

"Alright, alright..." I agree.

"Look a taper is all I'm asking.  No more needles.  Scale back the H.  Let's get off it and worry about the pills later ok?"

"Ok" I nod checking my computer.  "Hey, I just got an email from Sera.  She wants to meet tomorrow for lunch."

"Good!  This might be the easy way back in.  A few temp jobs will get the cash flow back.  Plus I'm out of practice.  Hey do me a favor and let me talk to Sera before you go into social mode and try to get laid.  I have questions on insurance, salary requirements and shit.  Oh, and I'm working on your story.  Maybe something like you took three months to travel?  Need something for the resume."

"Good call."  

The Lizard King goes on about other concerns and how to solve them but I grow bored. I send him back to the other side.  

Now it is just me.  I finish the beer and get my heroin.  I have about a gram of tar left.  I smoke a tiny ball of H on foil.  Haven't done this in ages.  The high is not as pleasant and the throat taste is just wrong.   But I still have the skill.  The foil is barely burned and the smoke rolls off evenly.  Very little dragon escapes my straw.  

Things are changing.  I inspect the Lizard King's work on my updated resume.  Very impressive indeed.  I print out copies for tomorrow's meeting with Sera.  I think of smoking more tar but nah.  I'll read in bed and try to relax.  Maybe make a grocery list and polish my work shoes.  Feels weird to do normal people things but it also feels good.  I'll finish this tar and keep the pills for later.  I can always get more pills.  

Sadly, I find that thought very comforting and use it to anchor myself in this new adventure.  

I wake up on Tuesday morning in my usual panic.  Dark moth wings fluttering against the windows in my mind. Strange animals screaming and pulling at me...Bills overdue, math not adding up, sinking, drowning, choking doom. The clock says 4:44 am.  I am psychotically alert and frightened and...wait.  

Wait a second.  Remember our pact?  Remember all the work we did?  Let the Lizard King handle it.

I close my eyes and drift away. A feather falling through starlight into the sea of dreams.  

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3iavym/rise_of_the_lizard_king/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-08-28 01:15:28, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 41
TITLE: Yum Bakery, San Francisco at 2:37am, POST BODY: "NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

 With a firm, controlling hand, the Chinese donut lady commands the mass of wasted, after hour revelers.  In twos and threes they stumble forward for donuts and coffee.  Fried, sugary delights to soak up excess booze and put drug fractured minds back on track.  Hot coffee to animate the bones of the drunk and drugged.  On a cold, black winters night by the bay, there is nothing better to rekindle the soul than donuts fresh from the fryer with a cup hot coffee.

 I can watch the Chinese donut lady all night.  She is my role model.  I aspire to be as efficient in my employment when I'm all grown up.  They should make her a required class at my university.  You can tell from her harsh, unwavering glare that the Chinese donut lady hates us all.  We are beneath her dignity, but she is a professional.  You never wait more than a few minutes for food.  If you're too wasted to talk, you can groan degenerately and point at what you want.  She'll even count your money if youve travelled way past the point of math.  

 Kym lowers the bag of ice she got from the Chinese donut lady and places a cigarette between her glossy, lollipop-purple lips.  Wow, her cheek is swollen.  Poor thing.  There is probably a life lesson in all of this.  Like never throw a pint glass at security.  I learned that ghetto bouncers who are puffed up on steroids do not live by the 'No hitting girls!' rule.  Luckily Kym fell backwards just as the ape punched her because he was big.  Like Sasquatch smashing cheek bones big.  

 Kym winks at me through purple eyeliner and pouts her candy lips as I reach over and light her cigarette.  The pointer finger on my hand is grotesquely swollen from sucker-punching the bouncer.  Another lesson.  Never strike a neanderthal on his long, flat shallow braincase.  Next time I'm sucker-punching a neanderthal, Ill aim for it's throat.  Jason was upset at Kym as we ran away but appears to have forgotten.  Let bygones be bygones.  But this is the third club we have had to flee since Kym has turned 21.  Probably just a coincidence...Melo shakes his head at us as he gets up to check on Dev who went to the bathroom to puke. They were on their way to meet us when we ran past them yelling "Cops!"

 "NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

 Yum Bakery, San Francisco at 2:37am.

 Melo comes back supporting Dev who looks a little pale but smiles.  Kym slides a chocolate Devil's Food Cake donut with rainbow sprinkles towards her which she starts nibbling.  Dev takes out her yellow Walkman from her Guatemalan knit bag and hands Kym an earbud.  They sit there listening to music and smoking cigarettes.  Kym listens with her right ear, Dev with her left.

 "Imagine the thoughts being transferred between their brainwaves" smirks Jason.  

"Moths..." breathes Kym.

 "Hummingbirds!" smiles Dev as she widens her eyes.

 "Hey.  Do you think the cops are looking for you guys?" asks Melo.

 Fair question.  I know Melo has drugs on him because he was meeting Jason to sell some.  Jason might have a warrant or two.  But I dont.  So I shrug and go back to my chocolate old fashioned donut.  

 "No way theyd look here!" says Jason as the cafe door chimes: BingBONG!

 "Babe" says Kym quietly looking down at her half eaten blueberry jelly donut.  "Cops."

 Two plainclothes walk in.  A woman and a man.  The woman is in charge.  Her butt-chin face swivels around the cafe crowd suspiciously.  Through her tiny, wire-rimmed, smart-guy eyeglasses she scrutinizes us.  Beneath her asexual haircut, is a short, bullish, vicious looking creature in a wrinkled suit.  The young Mexican cop that trails her looks bored and unhappy.  

 "Jeez" smiles Jason sipping his coffee, "don't they even try to look undercover anymore?  Like these two would ever hang out in public.  Kym!  Doesn't that bitch look like Elton John in a cheap suit?"

 "BWA-HA-HAH!" laughs Dev suddenly coming alive.  "ELTON JOHN!  CHEAP FUCKING SUIT!"

 Kym covers her face, Melo hugs Dev close to muffle her laughter and Jason and I stare at the cop.  So do other customers who start snickering.  Maybe it's the glasses or the haircut but when Dev yelled 'Elton John!', the lady cop morphs into Elton John.  

 "Shut up Devika!" giggles Kym into her coffee.

 The whole scene is getting sloppy.  Drunks in line start wandering around to check out the cop and the process is interrupted.  But, like a pro, the donut lady brings the crowd back under her control with her LOUD, barking voice.

 "NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

 The cops walk towards the counter.  Kym turns to me, wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me deeply.  The world fades.  I forget about the Now.  I let her beauty and the feeling of her lips melt away reality.  Nothing but You sings my brain...and Kym smiles as she pulls away and slides out of the booth.  I stare at her ass as she walks off to the bathroom. Goddamn.  The younger cop watches her ass walk away too but he does so professionally.  He stops halfway down the aisle and plants himself defensively to keep an eye on his partner's back while the Elton John cop casually strolls to the front of the line.

 "Boo!  Cheater!", mumbles a drunk.  

 Another one grumbles, "Cutter!"

 The angry Chinese donut lady could care less about cops.  She ignores the cop and serves the drunks wobbling around at the counter.  Kym comes back from the restroom and I look at her.  Distant eyes, a zombie strut and she looks like she has wandered away from reality.  She slides in next to Dev, picks up the earbud, shoves it in her ear.  Before I can comment,  the Chinese donut lady screams, "NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

 She bags two chocolate donuts and a cinnamon twist for an obese guy in an Erasure t-shirt.  He farts loudly as the Chinese donut lady hands him a large coffee.  She takes his cash, gives him change.  He does not tip or apologize for farting.  

And she moves on.

"NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

"Did that fat guy just fart?" asks a mesmerized Jason as the fat guy walks past us.  He glares at us but keeps moving.  

 The whole donut show is bizarre from our booth.  Dev laughs maniacally, Kym looks bored, Jason is staring deeply into his lighter flame and Im trying to figure out what they are listening to on Devs Walkman.  It's bouncy and something from maybe 5th grade...Duran Duran?  Poor Melo is trying to look nonchalant but cops make him nervous.  Plus we are wasted.  Dev is on a hallucinating amount of MDMA and ranting.  Kym was coked out of her skull and belligerently drunk at the club.  But now she is quiet...Suspiciously quiet.  Jason and I ate LSD gummybears.  We ponder the Universe while remaining useless and lame.  And Melo is sober.  Poor bastard.  Hanging out with us is like taking a bunch of cats out on yarn leashes and trying to cross a street full of dancing mice that shoot laser beams from their eyes.

 "You see this is Female caucasian tonight?  Early 20's, brunette, glasses?" interrupts the Elton John cop to the Chinese donut lady.  

 The Chinese donut lady gets pissed when anyone fucks with the donut flow and stares back defiantly for a moment, shakes her head and turns back to her customers.  BingBONG!  More drunks amble inside like foraging bears attracted to the delicious scent of fresh donuts.

 "NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"

 "Hey!" yells Dev to the cop.  "I know you!"

 To our horror, Dev gets up and starts walking towards the lady cop.  She appears to be in a trance as she lurches forward.  Guided by her unnaturally large MDMA pupils she approaches The Law. 

 "What the fuck?" whispers Kym in a hushed tone.

 I look at Kym and see powder around her nostril.  I reach in my pocket and baggie of China white is gone.  Kym pick-pocketed me when we kissed.  Amazing.

 "Wipe your nose dear" I whisper back.

 Kym smiles at me dreamily, wipes her nose, snorts and then goes back to watching Dev TV.

 "Ms. Liora.  Nice to see you again" says Elton John cop.

 "Maddy!"

 "It's Officer Elizabeth Madison.  Are you interrupting me because you know this person?" asks the cop showing the flyer to Dev.  

 Dev doesn't even look at it.

 "Nope!  I have a question!"

 "Ok..."

 "You're like, old already...So what feels better?  Being happy in love or the first time you ever fell in love?"

 The younger cop shakes his head and walks off.  Just being in the donut shop makes him self-conscious.  He doesn't workout as hard as he does to have drunks and junkies whisper cop-donut jokes behind his back.  

 Officer Madison looks at Dev for a moment and then she pinches the bridge of her nose to stave off the migraine she gets from working graveyard shifts in the Tenderloin.  

 "What? questions Officer Madison.  You mean like the very first time you ever fell in love?"

 "Yeah!"

 "Falling in love" sighs Elton John cop.  "Nothing like it."

 "I feel the same way too!  Like it's raining stars and flowers and my heart is ticklish!" laughs Dev like a loon.

 Elton John cop smiles patiently at Dev.  This is a lady with a gun.  Then she rolls up the flyer and walks out.  As the cops leave, Kym nods out.  I watch her do a slow motion face-plant into the table.  The array of silver bracelets she always wears chimes and clatters as she knocks Jason's coffee over.  He stares at his lap in disbelief.

 Oh putain de merde ! he grumbles.

 What? asks Melo.

 Casse toi! groans Kym from the table. 

 From her mop of blue hair I spy the Walkman earbud fell out.  I can hear the song clearly and as the vocals begin.  I stand up and shout, Her name is Rio, she don't need to understand!

 Fuck that was close says Melo as Dev sits back down grinning like an insane person.

 Then Dev starts to sing, Oh Rio, Rio hear them shout across the land! 

"I feel like a hamburger" says Jason.  "Not hungry.  But like I AM a hamburger."

Melo stands up and looks at me.  "Pick her up dude.  Let's get out of here."

"NEXSHT!  NEXSHT IN LINE!"


http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3ip2ev/yum_bakery_san_francisco_at_237am/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-01 00:48:04, # COMMENTS: 16, SCORE: 38
TITLE: Dopesick, POST BODY: "It looks vaguely like you sister.  And that one there, is shaped like me" remarks the bored voice.  "So...what is it?"

 "Mortal creation."

 "Why does each one come with a hole?"

 "So they are never satisfied dear brother.  So they are never complete."

 "You have always had a nasty streak in you sister."

 The band of starlight glitters above as women dance barefoot in a desert tent.  They wander past an empty throne and watch the women.  The soft jingling of silver bracelets mixes with the perfumes of the night.  Vining flowers, myrrh and incense.  He senses his sister's creations are already lost in their nature.  

 "Give them Hope at the very least."

 "Agreed.  And Wisdom.  Without Light they will never last the night.  But let us make it interesting.  Our brother Euphoria would enjoy this."

 "Three forces?  Balance?  That is a lot to ask from these pitiful creations but very well sister.  I will leave them alone."

 "I will give them visions."

 "And I will give them pleasure" says Euphoria walking out of your dreams.        

 Gods and humans mingled then.  But that was a long time ago child.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 Jason looks up the stairway and knows.  He can hear them.  Same old shit as last week.  Too many people.  The old man down the hall pretends to sweep the floor.  He knows.  The resident hall manager downstairs knows.  Jason is sure the blank cars down the street with undercover cops in them know too.

 And he feels helpless.  No way to reach her except going to the room.  But fear of cops, fear of jail and fear of death keep him from that walk.  He can't even speak to her these days.  Residents here share a pay phone in the hallway and she won't leave her room.  She doesn't have to.  They come to her.  Fuck.  She is less than 200 feet away but she might as well be across the sea.  Maybe this is what she wants.  All those cuts on her arms and thighs.  All the times she starts crying for no reason at all.  Misery wraps around her like a padded cell.  

Fuck this, thinks Jason as he turns around to leave.

 As he walks out he knows she wants this.  This is her design.  A customer funded death.  As Jason turns the corner he see's one of Caesar's boys casually driving by.  Jason knows the car from the Mission.  This guy delivers the dealers to the parks.  There is a Bay Mart halfway down the block.  Jason goes over to the phone.  He thinks about options.  He thinks about how crazy she is.  He thinks about how sane her smile was when he held her.  When she was safe.  

 He makes the call.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 "Ever notice how they never have any personal shit in their rooms?" says Detective Diaz.

 He walks gingerly through the mess.  Clothes on the ground, newspapers, magazines and a small TV.  These state sponsored rooms are hard to get.  The waiting list is long because so many people have sad stories.  But the one thing on the contract that is inherently specified is: No Drugs.  

 "Gone" sighs Detective Madison looking around.

 But Diaz's statement holds true.  If there are pictures of loved ones, posters or even the slightest hints of a decorative touch like a houseplant or even a fucking kitten calendar there is hope.  But a room with nothing but a bed, blank walls, garbage and a TV is a space to conduct business.  Or a place to die, muses Detective Madison.  

 But the evidence of what goes on here screams JUNKIE.  All over the table are balloons.  Rainbow-hued rubber shards.  But these balloons didn't pop.  They were peeled and clawed by desperate fingers.  

 Detective Madison sighs.  She was hoping to catch their prey passed out.  Searching state sponsored housing is always depressing.  A phone cord people used to tie off veins lies on the ground next to an overflowing trash can that will need to be searched.  In the garbage there will be needles, cookers, bloody tissues and maybe receipts to log in the file.   But Jessica Ann Salter AKA Jasmine Pepper AKA Autumn Smith is long gone.  

 "Boss?  Should I call base?  Let Jackson know?"

 "Ok" agrees Detective Madison.  

 This tip was from a someone that knew Jessica.  Relatives will often call but so will your friends.  The ones that know how black the fucking night can get.  Someone knew what was happening.  No one dealing this much tar would ever get a pass from the locals.

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~

 "I used to love cooking with my mom" says Kym wistfully from the couch as I make her a peanut butter sandwich.  "Lamb kebabs, citrus salads and tahdig.  Remember tahdig babe?  The crunchy yogurt fried rice one?"

 "Yup.  Like Persian potato chips" I respond mechanically.  

 To be honest I'm nauseous.  Only soda and simple sandwiches stay down.  But Kym's notion of comfort food?  Things like pomegranate chicken stews?  No fucking way.

 "Kym?"

 "What?"

 "Why are we talking about this?  You refuse to cook-"

 "I don't know!" moans Kym.  "I feel like shit.  I hate this!  Where's Jason?!"

 Where indeed?  

 In this great port city, all the connections dried up.  Nothing.  No more Chinatown Dragon powder, no more Mexican tar.  No more nothing.  Even the oxy is gone.  Nothing.

 When Jason pulled up to X-Files Friday with NO HEROIN Kym and I were like What the fuck...?  But we dealt.  And now it's Monday morning...Still no FUCKING HEROIN.

 We suffer.  A gray day in the city is like slow death when you have withdrawals.  Sad and hopeless.  Tombstone gray skies with cold earth chills.  Hope?  During the pain of withdrawal, hope is a corpse forgotten in the ground.  

 We are civilized.  But it begins to unravel. I go in Jason's room and steal some tar he has hidden in the garbage.  We don't have maid service so hiding tar in the garbage is brilliant.  I share with Kym who urged me to steal it.  We feverishly burn it on foil and pass it back and forth in passionless kisses.  Like CPR.  Trying to bring the dragon back to life.  

 "When I was in boarding school I had bronchitis" says Kym lighting a cigarette.  "I had codeine cough syrup you know?  Back then I used a spoon instead of just chugging it.  I remember waking up and seeing all these ants.  They crawled into the spoon and drank the syrup."

 "Yeah?" I say taking the cigarette from her hand.  

 The hit dulls some of the pain but euphoria soars impossibly high above us.  The wings of the god stir up the air so we can almost feel him...but he is so far away.  

 "Yeah babe.  I was like stupid druggie ants!  They OD'd in the spoon.  Now I think we're the stupid druggie ants you know?  Oh babe are we fucked or what?"

 "What?" I laugh projecting calmness.  "Why would you think that?" I ask softly touching her face.

 "I don't know.  I feel pain without it.  I'm afraid it will go too far..."

 "No!" I say sitting up.  "We won't let that happen.  We're NOT like that ok?"

 "Yeah...ok" says Kym glumly.

 I don't like the way she sounds.  Everything is so harsh when there is no love from the Flower God.  The shower burns your skin, cigarettes taste toxic,beer tastes sour and food is a disgusting paste to keep you alive.  

 But the passion of being alive is gone.  


~^~^~^~^~^~^~
 

 I awake in Darkness.  Freezing cold and dopesick.  My body is wound up, sore and snot and drool flow freely.  Kym has claimed the comforter, thrashed herself almost perpendicular so her knees were shoved into my back.  She hugs her pillow in angst but I can tell she is asleep from her rhythmic breathing.  For a moment I get lost in her looks.  She sleep's naked...Usually this would be acceptable boyfriend behavior but last night was tough for both of us.  Getting drunk helped a little but not nearly enough.  Kym kicked, groaned and sweated all through the night.  Poor thing.  I let her sleep, dress in the dark and walk to the kitchen.  

 I boil water, grind some Sumatra coffee beans and make a cup of coffee in Kym's press pot.  The smell of fresh coffee brings hope to the morning gloom.  My copy of Modern Control Systems lies on the table.  I slip my fingers in the spine, feel the package and pull it out.  Two 30mg oxys I stole from Kym.  I take one as I add sugar to my coffee.  The warmth returns to my bones.  

 A half smoked joint lies in the ashtray.  I relight it and toast frozen waffles.  I play Kym's Moody Blues tape Tuesday Afternoon.  

 "Fuck dude!" comes the groan from the living room.  "First you grind coffee and now you play this hippie shit?"

 Nearly ninja invisible, Jason is huddled all in black and melts into the couch shadows.  Only his pale face and exposed white arm reflect light.  He rolls up his sleeve, sighs and leans forward.

 "Did you get anything?" I ask eagerly.

 Jason looks up, visibly annoyed but then shakes his head.  I sigh.  Plate up my waffles with butter and hand him one.

 "Besides what you 'borrowed' from my stash" says Jason accepting the waffle, "I got less than half a gram.  Here-"

 Jason tears off a dark rock, puts it in a cigarette wrapper and hands it to me.  I fold it into my wallet.  

 "Do me a favor" smiles Jason rubbing his skull and eating the waffle, "don't show Kym where I hide shit.  You're bad enough."

 "Yeah sorry about that dude."

 "Its alright.  It's fucking dry out there.  I tried last night.  My sure fire girl...but man it was bad."

 "Why?"

 "Remember Autumn?  Short girl with black hair and the eyebrow rings?"

 I think for a moment.  Yeah that girl who was sleeping with Jason for awhile.  Always wore a black Greek fisherman's hat.  He had a pretty big crush on her but she disappeared.  Autumn dealt heroin.  What a fucking pair these two made.  Mr. Coke and Ms. Smack.

 "The one with the stupid hat?"

 "Hey c'mon!" chuckles Jason.  "Yeah her.  I'm kinda worried about her."

 "Why?"

 "Well I called the cops on her for one thing."

 "What?  Really?"

 "Yeah...fuck.  It was ugly.  Things were out of control.  Caesar's guys knew about her.  She had this Seattle mail connection" sighs Jason.  "I don't know.  It was fucked up but dude, I freaked out.  It was bad.  Scary bad."

 I stare at Jason's face.  The carefree parts are missing.  He looks haggard.  Grim.

 "I didn't know what to do!  Like last time I went there I knew it was fucked.  Blood on the walls fucked.  People were using her.  She has this new guy from the park.  I just wanted to take her out of there.  But she wouldn't go.  People started shit.  It got ugly."

 I look at the clock.  Eleven minutes to Muni.  I will have to run for it.

 "This is between you and me ok?"

 I nod.

 "Fuck.  So yeah.  Not sure when I can score.  I'll try again later but I need sleep."

 "Don't worry.  You did the right thing" I say as I leave.  

 Jogging through the Mission in the dark.  My body aches but I keep going because this is what I need to do.  Like Jason.  He had to do it.  The part that pisses me off is how I feel about it.  Like why didn't he just score one more time before calling the cops?  I could care more about Autumn if I had one little hit this morning.  This is a junkie thought.  This is not a good feeling.  But I catch the bus.  

 ~^~^~^~^~^~^~    


I open my door.

 "Where the fuck is Jason?" bitches Kym miserably from the couch.

 I sigh and toss my backpack and jacket on the chair.  I was praying for a miracle.  I wanted to find Kym half nodded out on the couch meaning Jason has scored.  Not this.  Not again.  

 "Fuck!" I groan.  "I was hoping..."

 "Yeah that's great babe!  I was hoping too.  Now I'm going back to bed" sniffs Kym.

 I look at my girlfriend.  She's walking around in tiny, ass-hugging cotton shorts with cartoon prints of panda bears eating ice cream cones.  She wears a NOFX t-shirt with the collar and sleeves torn off.  No bra so when she stands there, one hand on her hip the other waving a cigarette as she bitches at me there is no question.  She is ridiculously hot.  She cut her purple hair recently.  One side is flat from sleeping and the other side wildly points west like the winds of fortune.  

 I want her.  I want to finish my chemistry lab work that is due tomorrow.  I want to make a peanut butter sandwich.  But instead, I sit down useless, miserable and bury my face in my hands.  So ill.  So tired.  Kym turns and I watch her ass strut back to the bedroom.  I hear her fall onto the futon with a UMPFH!  I hear the comforter scrunch around between her athletic thighs before she settles, sighs and starts reading magazines.  

 I feel slightly guilty.  The 30mg oxys I took from Kym's makeup bag four nights ago have been making school sane.  I couldn't handle school dopesick.  So while I am in the unpleasant poppy netherworld where I am neither high nor sick...I have left my poor girlfriend behind.  

 I think.  Because I swear I can smell tar...Hmm.

 I go in the bedroom and lay next to Kym.  And I can smell it in her hair.  I definetly smell that vinegar, burnt bandaid, crispy foil scent we both know oh so well.  I smile and kiss her neck.

 "What?" she demands looking at me.  I can see light in her eyes.  Secrets.  She is daring me.  And it dawns on me.  Of course she knows I took her oxy.  

 Junkies.

 "Oh nothing.  Just thinking.  Might be awhile before we get anything.  Jason's dealer left."

 "Well" says Kym rolling over to stare at me, "maybe it's time."  

 "What?  Quit?"

 "Yeah.  I don't even get high anymore babe.  Just feel ok you know.  I miss the euphoria.  Maybe we were using too much.  Maybe we can-"

 And the phone rings.  I look down the hall and turn back to look at Kym but she is already gone.  Long legs sprinting down the hall.

 "Hello?  Devika!  Salam, chetori!  What?  Yes!  Duh!  I gotta bunch of cash from tips and he has the rest.  Ok!  Love you sweetie!"

 Kym materializes in the doorway beaming a huge smile.  And I feel it.  Relief.  Euphoria.  Beethoven's Ode to Joy blasting from the sky.  

 "You're gonna put out before they get here" smiles Kym taking off her shirt.  

 Jesus.  I stare like a fool as she approaches.  Wild.  An explosion of matter echoing the creation of solar systems.  Radiant and free she falls on me and I laugh knowing only her.  Kym takes her pleasure like the Universe takes galaxies.  An abundance of energy, beauty and chaos.

 And just like that, the Darkness is pushed away again.  Coiled above us, beating his metallic wings is the god.  Circling closer and closer.

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3j6on9/dopesick/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-06 17:45:56, # COMMENTS: 24, SCORE: 31
TITLE: well that kinda sucked, POST BODY: not a story.  just a long rambling nonsensical missive.

so i am on yet another taper.  need to return to Earth.

coming down from the legal, clinical rushes of knee surgeries (dilaudid, morphine, oxy, norcos) i have had enough.  it doesnt get me HIGH.  hit that point where i am just using to feel normal and we all know that aint good.

i'm off the morphine and feel ill.  ah that pukey achy soul sucking mucky muck to remind you how dangerous addiction is.  so fun to take that to the office.  

oxy is next on the To-Do taper list.  hopefully after the morphine ER it wont be as bad...yikes.

but i'm a little bummed.  i thought 2 things would make my transition easier.  art and my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.  

just kidding.  i picked weed and surfing. 

almost back to strength for surfing.  close but not enough knee for stability.  need more stationary bike time, yoga and weights to rebuild.  even on a longboard it feels off and i'm terrified i'll rip open what the good doc sewed together.  but swimming is good.  back in the sea with my friends.  

my friend came over with a tobacco leaf wrapped joint.  i miss cigarettes as much as H so i was intrigued.  he has asked me to smoke with him for 5 years.  like 1,000 times he has said You want some of this?  usually i say Nah but today i said Yeah.  he was amazed.  5 years of no weed to: BOOM.  

the high is crushing.  like wings ripped off my body and slamming down to Earth.  everything is beautiful and vibrant and oh so very real.  but not surreal.  no more dreamy euphoria.  so i am little bummed but maybe i just need to get back to smoking weed.  one thing i dont like about it is when i smoke i am done.  done with communicating, done with creating and no socializing at all.  i become passive and observe.  like watch TV instead of write or give a shit.  

guess i have to retrain my brain for the high.  hell guys like ROndo are high 24/7 and live their lives stoned.  you wouldn't know except they smirk more and have lingering scents of homegrown on their clothing.  one good thing is if i am wanting another pill for the taper and i smoke weed, i dont want anything at all. except sour patch kids.

hope you're all sane and safe., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3jwn09/well_that_kinda_sucked/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-07 22:33:31, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 60
TITLE: Let Me Tell You a Story..., POST BODY: Jason sits on the floor in front of the Mexican prayer candles.  Four burn on the coffee table and one illuminates the hallway.  You can buy these candles at any store in the Mission.  They burn forever and have psychedelic portraits of martyrs and deities painted on them.  Burning brightly in the darkness, they are an amazing thing to stare at.  

 They shut off our power again.  Paying is Jason's task.  Every month he is supposed to take our combined cash to the office downtown.  It's literally half a block from his job at the bakery.  And Jason swears he has done this...So the real question is When?  The answer might not conform to the due date printed on the bill.  

 But I leave him alone.  Though the lights are off, we are high which is better than electricity.  Besides, Jason is a master at trade.  He can pawn the TV and while you curse for two or three days he always returns.  He returns with cocaine, heroin, cash and a new TV.  Often better than the one he stole.  Now that we've bitched about the lights, I know it will resolve itself.  The gnomes in his head are already plotting.  

 Besides, being in the dark is not so bad.  We huddle together like monkeys in the forest canopy as the sun sets behind some distant mountain.  We have long conversations about nothing.  Kym and I definitely sleep better without a TV to stare at and Jason tones down his personality to match the gloom.  It's relaxing.

 We are a happy family.  Jason brings us cocaine and best of all heroin.  I add psychedelics to the household and weed.  My chemist friend's closet is full of cloned, hybrid marijuana strains.  I can score MDMA and oxycodone at school.  Kym brings order.  Since her arrival, the bathroom and kitchen are no longer disgusting places to tread fearfully.  Her presence means food in the fridge, toilet paper and soap in the bathroom and coffee and cigarettes to start your day.  

 Tonight she brought home leftover sandwiches from the farmer's market in the Ferry Building.  Kym trades coffee drinks for food.  She even got a paper bag of freshly fried garlic potato chips with sea salt and pepper.  Gorged on roasted turkey and ham we all sit and stare at the cartoon glow of Mexican saints beneath dancing candlelight.  

 Marijuana is constantly smoked in this house.  It's there as a gift.  Usually a big bud on the communal coffee table with scissors, papers, Kym's glass pipe or my bong.  When Jason is home, you will get coke.  As a coke dealer, he always has it and often we get to taste before it's cut.  And heroin.  We all love heroin.  Lately that one has been taking center stage.  We snort it, smoke it and Kym thinks Jason shoots it...fuck I hope not.  

 The oxy pills are growing in popularity which I can get through school friends.  As a middleman, I could take a cut but never do.  Kym fucks my brains out and Jason gives me coke.  I pass my savings on to them.  Oxy is a wonderful hangover cure and excellent for coming off psychedelics.  Kym takes them at work and I have started doing this too.  MDMA is mostly a Kym thing.  She prefers it over coke when going out.  Jason and I gobble psychedelics and enjoy the weird.  Kym...not so much.  But she will drive us around when we're tripping and babysit us.

 The bong has a joint Kym rolled shoved into the stem.  As it burns, we do some lines of coke.  Jason rattles his vicodin pills for the "injury" he got at the bakery.  He admitted to us he just sorta stumbled into a rack of rolls like a fool.  But his boss saw.  So Jase played the hurt card.  The problem with people like Jason is they actually read the Employee Handbook before signing.  Rather than risk a drug test he would fail, Jason instantly cited wet kitchen conditions and demanded an ambulance.  While nothing was broken, his "injury" was documented and he got vicodin and temporary disability checks.  These checks and the time off helped launch his cocaine career.  

 "Best thing that ever happened to me" sighs Jason popping a vicodin. 

 He shares these with us, but I prefer the oxy.  Vicodin is a lazy, TV watching drug.  If anything, I miss the fresh bagels he used to bring home more than the vicodin.  I wonder if the days of fresh baked goods is over?
            
As if reading my mind, Kym asks, "Do you still work at the bakery?"

 "I think so" shrugs Jason.  "But my disability wears off next week."

 "You gonna limp in again and do your act?" asks Kym as she nestles into me on the couch after passing the bong to Jason.  

 "Nah.  Three time's the limit.  I'm gonna call on Monday and tell them I'm still sore.  Maybe they can extend my disability another week.  I'm over the bakery.  Make way more dealing in clubs."

 Kym takes a cigarette I had behind my ear and lights it off a candle.  She takes a drag and hands it to me.  

 "Why don't you tell them you're sore but WANT to get off pills?" says Kym.  "If you're lucky, they'll give you a taper program."

 Jason stares at Kym.  "And...?"

 "And you get more disability AND pills for the taper.  Duh."

 Jason stares at Kym and then slowly smiles.  

 "You are the Devil's Daughter.  Why do I even try and compete with you when it comes to deceit?  That's like something a responsible adult would ask."

 Kym shrugs and takes back the smoke.

 Jason pulls out some colorful balloon balls of tar and we start unraveling them.  Crazy to think how people die and kill each other for these little balloons of black crud and how Jason just tosses them on the table like no big deal.  A moth flutters by as I peel a red balloon.  It bounces off my ear and in a clear voice it sings, "Wait!"

 Startled, I look around.  Kym is giggling at something Jason said as she folds some foil for smoking.  Neither heard the moth.  Heard?  I think about all the acid I have been taking.  Moths do not talk.

 We do two rounds.  Mediocre stuff.  But even crappy heroin is heroin.  By the time we start smoking cigarettes, life is serene.  The room is hushed and the shadows begin to shift as each lungful of tobacco brings the dragon on heavier and heavier.  

"Man I want to watch Northern Exposure" whines Kym as she draws up her knees and sighs.

 "Life without TV is not so tragic" I say tracing my fingers down her knobby spine.  I linger at her bra, she smiles and elbows me.  

 But it does suck missing Northern Exposure.  The TV is like our primitive fire pit we gather round at the end of the day.  Stare into the flames and zone out on some sitcom about Cicely, Alaska. 
 
There's no beer but we have rum.  Without power, all of Kym's Odwalla orange juice is going bad so we make drinks.  

 "That necklace" says Jason who attempts to dignify himself after he just got caught staring at Kym's chest, "is that like an antique or something?"  

 He smirks at me and pretends to be serious as Kym lifts up her ancient, silver medallion.

 "This?  Oh there's a good story here" Kym says leaning over the candle until her face is illuminated like an evening star.  "My grandmother taught me this story.  Probably the first time this has ever been told in English."

 Kym raises her eyebrows at us and lifts the silver necklace off and holds it above the flames.  She is dressed all in black.  A form fitting, long black skirt with a matching long sleeve turtleneck.  A black scarf is tied over pink hair.  Her face and hands glow like ivory as her outfit keeps melting into the shifting candlelight.  

 "Look" she commands.  "Mithra!  He is sacrificing a bull.  But look at the blood."

 Detailed in the silver but worn smooth from time, you can barely make out sticks with circles falling from the bill's neck.  Beneath it, a crowd of faceless people all reach up.

 "Flowers.  The bull bleeds flowers.  And this is why.  The city was plagued by the 1,000 sons of the Night goddess Nyx.  The Oneiroi.  They caused sorrow and destruction to the inhabitants of the city.  They slip into a dreamer's body and cause pain.  Pain leads to madness.  Horrible crimes were committed and the city crumbled.  Buildings burned, laws and gods were forgotten, families were murdered."

 Kym pulls the necklace back over her head and moves closer to the flame to light a smoke.  As she draws fire into the cigarette, her eyes slip into the dream.  She releases her breath and the flame illuminates the room for a moment.  Shadows shatter as the moths crowd closer to hear.

 "Why?  Because Nyx was jealous!  Her temple in the city was small, plain and untended.  People fear the night.  The goddess was left to wander alone in her dusty ruins.  When night falls and Lady Darkness arrives, she draws her veil of stars over the tired city" says Kym as she pulls her scarf down.  The material swallows her pink hair in Darkness and only the moon glow of her face is left as she stares into the candles with her wide blue eyes.  

 "The temple of ocean goddess Thalassa was huge and prosperous.  The city's power lay in trade so native sons and foreigners alike gave her their coin.  And Mithra...well Mithra was the spread down to the Romans.  The Mithraic mysteries were known from the baker boy who tends the night fires to the future Emperors of Rome.  This was a cosmopolitan place.  Gods from all over the world were worshipped here.  Temples both large and common were plentiful.  Plentiful for all but Lady Night."

 "I love this shit" smiles Jason as he lights a joint.  "When I'm high you're better than TV."

 "Almost a compliment" says Kym.  

 Jason passes me the joint and I can't help it.  When she tells stories, her sexuality oozes from her persona.  I pass her a lungful in a kiss just to feel her lips.

 "Ok.  Ok" mutters Jason.  "You can do that later.  More story!"

 "Nyx grew bitter.  In her sorrow she was visited by her eldest daughter Miseria.  Miseria described the jeweled statues, rooms of gold and marble cisterns full of crabs and fish in Thalassa's temple.  She spoke of all night revelries in the ivory halls of Mithra.  In the silent shadows of her decaying temple, the goddess Nyx wept.  But when her daughter left, misery turns to rage.  She called for her 1,000 sons of sorrow. The Oneiroi.  From the womb of the Earth, the smiling sons entered the city and slipped into the hearts of dreamers.  The Madness and Terror began."

 And Kym stops as Jason prepares more foil.  The oval of her face nestled in the blackness of the scarf follows his movements.  Her high cheek bones and glittering eyes remind me of her desert blood.  Her smooth white hands appear and the Dragon is worshipped.  Another hit to push away the pains of tomorrow...candlelight is captured like starlight in the foil.  Kym's eyes close briefly and flutter as the god takes her.  She sags and I catch her.  As if the price of this night is still unpaid, Kym's eyes open.  She sits up, gathers the scarf closer to her face and though her voice is barely a whisper, she continues.

 "Parents forsake their children.  Family honor crumbles to dust.  Commerce slows as everyone heeds the Night.  Nyx walks proud.  The city no longer cares about the day.  Only the pleasures of the night.  The Oneiroi run like a plague through the people and the city begins to die."

 Jason leans closer to hear and Kym moves into my lap and melts in my arms.  I hold her limp form as she looks up and continues.  Her voice a whispery growl.

 "Mithra sees his great city washing away in the sea of Nyx.  The balance is gone.  It has always been wrong and now he must change it or all shall be lost.  Like the sun that grows wheat for his people to eat bread, the stars must be honored too.  Mithra gathers his priests.  Nyx is to be honored in every temple.  All must acknowledge the Night.  Her likeness and altars are to burn in every place of worship.  And they do this.  Nyx is spread throughout the city and grows even more loved" sighs Kym.  

 I can feel her nodding.  Slipping into the dream.

 "But her 1,000 sons still run wild.  She tries to call them back but they enjoy the pain of mortality.  They delight in the fevered dreams and screaming madness.  So Mithra calls the Flower God from his cave.  This flower gift is so powerful, it can soothe the Oneiroi.  The Flower God lives in the lands of Nyx.  Nyx embraces him as a lover for his love is the pleasure of all gods.  So the Oneiroi return the the Darkness.  But the vengeful sons wait.  They know the gift of the Flower God is a cursed thing to mortals..."

 "Wait.  Your grandma talked about opium?" asks Jason.

 "No.  When I heard the story as a kid it made no sense.  But as I grew older I made the flowers poppies.  Maybe that is what the story meant.  I don't know.  But her story is now my story."

 "So it's like science triumphing over supernatural beliefs" I say as Kym lines my arms perfectly in the gloom.  "Like a cautionary tale about opiates?"

 "No.  That's not even close" sighs Kym in a dreamy voice.                     

"Hey what time period would you have liked to live in?" asks Jason exhaling a plume of smoke across the candlelight.

"Ancient Rome" I answer immediately.  "Like when Trajan was Emperor."

"Roaring 20's.  Paris", smiles Kym striking a silly, dramatic pose.

"Boring!" says Jason.  "I wish I could have partied with Motley Crue."

I stare at Jason knowing he can't see me in the gloom when I lean back on the couch.  So I move forward so my perplexed face enters the circle of candlelight.

"That's the stupidest thing you ever have said.  You ARE old enough to have done that!"

"No dude!" complains Jason.  "We were still in high school when they peaked!  Like now I could party with them but I already missed their golden age!  The cocaine, heroin, whiskey, g-string age!"

"We have cocaine and heroin here" laughs Kym.  "You can borrow one of my g-strings if you want."

"You shit on Rondo when he played his Pearl Jam CD but you want to wear makeup, girl's underwear and listen to Motley Crue?"

"Motley Crue IS heroin dude.  No one admits it, but everyone parties with it."

"Yeah..." says Kym looking at me slyly, "You have a Dr. Feelgood tape."

"It's uh, not mine..." 

 "What about you?" asks Jason.

 "Yeah tell us something babe" smiles Kym squeezing my thigh.

 "Like what?  I'm studying acceleration rates to better understand gravity."

 "No!" barks Jason.  "Boring!  Tell us a story."

 "A story?"

 "Yeah babe.  Tell us something from your mysterious past" she says in a dramatic voice and then giggles.

 "Let me think."

 I lean forward as Kym drops back to stretch out on the couch.  Jason kicks out his legs and lays down on the floor.  Both of their faces slip from the pools of candlelight and are swallowed by the gloom.  Only the glow from their cigarette tips whispers that they ever existed.  

 "Ok.  Let me tell you a story..."


http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3k1tjx/let_me_tell_you_a_story/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-15 01:21:41, # COMMENTS: 22, SCORE: 56
TITLE: It's Not Enough, POST BODY: Darkness.  Panting fear.  Yanked back to the Real.  The horse god was watching me.  Moths circled us before dissolving into Light.  Reflections across the black pool, trails of starlight shimmering over still water.  A flat, monotone girl voice asking, "Lover, you awake?"

My eyes open.  

I look at the clock.  A mere forty minutes until my alarm goes off for work.  And I crave sleep...But I'm laying in a puddle of cold sweat and have to piss so bad it's agony to move.  I know if I get up I won't return to dreams.  But the withdrawal will awake.  Right now it's still passed out in a puddle of my alcoholism.  Getting up will make me puke.  This is my morning ritual, so I don't rush.  I want to let the demons slumber...but a gallon of piss and forty fucking minutes ticking down like doom plague me.  I can already feel the runny nose and nausea stirring.  Throbbing pain from the top of my skull, spreads out to my teeth which I grind at night.  The demons use curved, spiked ice picks on my spine to pull my nerves apart like frayed guitar strings.  Fuck.  I already want my morning taper pills.  My habit is shoving me into a new day.  

No rest for the fucked.  

The wife sleeps like normal people sleep.  Seven to eight hours and not in a puddle of oily, stinking pill sweat.  Her sleep is so deep.  She does normal things at our age like she has a career, volunteers for Girl's Scouts and helps the kids with homework.  And me?  I fret away hours and die between pill taper doses.  A useless thing.  But she knows what I am.  She doles out my pills on a plan.  Sometimes I catch her studying my arms and hands.  I swear I won't do that but you know the word of a junkie...  

I go to work with a kiddie sandwich bag filled with just enough pills to survive my eight hours.  Sure I could take them all at once and feel GREAT for an hour or two.  But then I have the next five or six hours to sweat, throb and die at my desk.  I always think of cheating but she knows me well enough to keep her own pill count.  I love her and think of touching her face but I don't want to wake her.  She is on kid duty and gets them dressed, fed and off to school before work.  Also she is slammed at her job and working extra hours.  Poor thing is exhausted.  

Life gets crazy after breeding.  She just dyed her hair again.  Sparkling blond streaks mix with a redwood brown.  Her new look is alluring and I keep meaning to tell her but our life is jam packed with duty and time slips away.  To fuck her, I need to plan ahead and schedule my intentions the night before.  Alas, I did not do this.  I am not a good planner during bouts of dopesickness.  Now she is turned away from me and I don't blame her.  I scream a lot when I sleep. 

The dream I had is still on me like a sweaty, plastic sheet zipped halfway over my body.  My face is exposed but the surreal texture of the dream is like the embrace of a bodybag.  Moments like this fill me dread.  I fear I'll get stuck on the wrong side of the dream but I heard you calling me Priestess.  

Thanks.  

I breathe following my wife's yoga training.  I breathe slowly and deeply like she taught me.  Sure I was staring at her chest but I did remember the important parts.  Inhale Ra, exhale Ma.  From my belly to the top of my lungs I breathe.  And I remember the other side.  The dream.  I pick up my phone and start typing.  I want to get down the feeling now.  I'll type it up at work and put it on Reddit later.

"Dude, you're dead" I say looking at his worn face.

"When?"

"Like the 90's.  Right when I started college.  The guy at the record store told me.  Maybe it was just to sell me your used tape for $8 which was expensive but fuck. You died.  I bought it."

"OD?"

"Thats what they said.  OD in New Orleans.  But later I read some guys dosed you.  When you started frying they ripped off your methadone stash and then kicked the shit out of you.  Your body was found curled up in a ball beneath the coffee table."

"Jesus" sighs the man leaning back.  "Fucking brilliant."  

He fumbles for a cigarette.

"You can't smoke in here" I tell him softly.

He leans forward and laughs as he runs his hand through his dyed black hair and stares at me through his fingers.  He's a little fucker.  Most musicians are.  His New York Queen's accent is mesmerizing.  Like a shadow, his native city follows him all around the world and into the next life.

"So I can bring a fucking dog, iguana or a fucking miniature service horse into any of these fucking stores and smoke weed all goddamn day but I can't smoke inside a bar anymore?  It's fucking cold outside man."

"Yeah.  Weird huh?"

The waitress comes over and looks at us with poorly concealed contempt.  She flashes her server professional smile that lasts less than a second before dropping back to a bulldog scowl.  She looks like she's in her 40's like me, tired like me and just wants to go home like me.

"Last call gents.  Anything else?" she sighs.

"Long Island.  Extra long please" I answer.

"And you?" asks the lady turning to the man.

"Ginger ale.  No fucking ice."

She walks off on her slip-proof, orthopedic shoes.  The girl serving us earlier wore heels but she's gone.  Now just sensible foot wear for older people forced to labor on their feet all day.

"Did anyone care?"

I look at him and wish we could smoke in here.  And I don't even smoke anymore.

"Yeah.  I mean you were kinda obscure but people cared."

I have no idea if this is true.  Before the age of digital information, I read a paragraph about his death in Spin magazine while taking a shit in the dorms.  It didn't say much at all.

"Ob-scure?" he repeats obviously annoyed.  This is a man famous for his violent outbursts in life.  But he sighs and sags into his chair looking around the dying mall.

I look towards the restaurant to see if the drinks are coming.  Maybe I'll order another one if possible.

"That crazy girl you did junk with.  You know the one that liked burning shit and throwing bottles?  She likes me.  In your bookshelf, in the corner where the spiders shits dead bugs all over everything is The Great Gatsby.  Good book by the way.  In that fucking book is a photograph of her wearing MY fucking t-shirt!  Me!"

"How do you know that?" I ask.

"It's a memory.  As long as people give a shit, I'm here.  Through films, records and tapes and CDs and...what the fuck is a mp3?"

"It's music.  Like uh, a computer program."

"Can you hold it?"

"No man."

He smiles, puts his hands behind his head and leans back.  He stares at the mall ceiling where a football field-sized bank of lights starts to shut off one giant rectangle at a time.   

"It's harder to feel.  But thats the way of the fucking world" he says as a shadow overtakes our table.

I think about last night.  As usual, I was the last one up.  Trying to drink myself to sleep.  With enough alcohol, the few pills I take can glow.  But the euphoria is dull.  Like I should choose.  Get drunk and crushed in nauseating sadness or keep walking down the junkie road?  A road littered with broken hearts and old bones.  I straddle both worlds these days.  I wonder if alcoholism is a better fate?  Socially, it's more acceptable but fuck, like any junkie will tell you, it ain't as good.

When I get drunk, my melancholy thoughts take me to a place where time is meaningless.  The young people are always beautiful and arrogantly vain.  And why not?  They will live forever and have all the time in the world.  Music transports me across reality to these lost moments.  Music is magical.  A spell and a key to lost worlds.  So I was looking online for old music.  Sure I could buy the music but he's dead.  So who cares?  

So I look elsewhere and find what I'm looking for.  I find that forgotten tape I bought oh so long ago. Played so many times it unwound and puked itself to death in a car stereo.  This music presided over MAYHEM.  It was the theme music for moments so fucking euphoric it is a wonder I am here writing this.  I start to download it and realized this will take awhile.  His music is not popular.  It is shared by few.  Only six people spread this tape that so many of us loved.  I look at his other selections.  Even less peers give a shit.  In all, fewer than ten people care enough to keep his music breathing online.  

I pass out waiting and never hear any of the old songs.

"Fuck!  It's so cold here" he complains rubbing his hands.  "Maybe see if I can get a coffee instead?"

I look at him shaking in his chair.  Because of the dimming lights he seems to be smearing into the shadows.  Blending into the Darkness.

"Sure.  Let me see what I can do."

I get up and wander over to the restaurant but it's dark.  No one inside.  I wander around the corner and all the shops are dark and empty.  With no windows in the mall, the darkness is unnatural and a solid presence that makes me fear the Night.  I feel for a wall switch and turn on a row of lights that stretches far off into the desolate mall.  Emptiness.  

I look back at my table and he's gone.

So I walk forward.  It is all I can do.  But everyone is gone.  And then...I see it.  Scraping itself across the floor towards a deserted hallway.

Some broken, creeping thing.  A horse skull on top of of a long body.  Four long, thin arms grasp a metal walker as it shuffles slowly forward on four, useless feet.  Moonlight pale skin pulled over skeletally thin feet drag behind the creature like a great sadness.  It knows I am here.  Powerless, I walk towards the thing and start gasping.  My heart wobbles in my chest as I hyperventilate.
  
I awake.  Another day is upon me.

RIP Johnny Thunders

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3l0fdk/its_not_enough/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-18 19:44:50, # COMMENTS: 50, SCORE: 47
TITLE: the WD blues, POST BODY: man i hate working on a taper.  all stress is magnified 1000X's.  but i'm bitching from an office.  

i really feel sorry for you poor laborers, retail and service industry folks.  i remember that brutal walk of shit.  how it felt like torture to smile at customers.  how simple math fogged your brain and the customers crapped on you.  oh and how your boss would instantly pick up on the fact you're dragging your dopesick ass around much slower than usual.  again.

ugh.  i want a big line of coke and small one of H.  and a Marlboro Light.  but alas...i am being good.  it's exercise, salad, bbq and go hang out with neighbors i could care less about.  so hard to talk about normal things.  like his wife is a nurse so i want to ask her for drugs.  that is not normal.  or say Hey I got my flu shot and almost got a boner when I saw the needle.  that is not normal either.  fuck me. 

just gotta remember it shall pass and some sort of normal feeling will replace this crazed thing typing weird shit., PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3li3lp/the_wd_blues/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-22 01:37:05, # COMMENTS: 23, SCORE: 56
TITLE: Miss Me, POST BODY: "YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!"

 Jason looks out the living room curtains.  His roommate is in a sleep deprived, cocaine induced psychosis.  Haven't actually seen him pass out for days.  Now he's standing in the street yelling at cars and pedestrians.  But at least he has his clothes on.  Well, he's not wearing a shirt or his boots but at least he put on pants and a jacket.

 "The DARKNESS COMES!" screams the madman pointing a Corona bottle at a Muni bus before he throws it at the sleazy Calvin Klein ad on the side.  

 "Here I am motherfuckers!  You fucking SUBHUMAN PIECES OF SHIT!"

 As he bellows and raises his arms over his head in an aggressive, dominant male display like his primate ancestors, Jason spots the missing kitchen knife shoved into his waistband.  

 Oh boy.  With a heavy sigh, Jason pulls on his jacket and jogs down the stairs past the curious stares of the neighbors.  These are cool people.  The Mission District is a pretty forgiving place.  But when your shirtless, 6'2 roommate with a braided mohawk stands in the street throwing bottles and screaming...Well, words like forgiving take on a new meaning.  

 Best to get this over quickly.

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 They are all around me.  I can't always see them...but I can feel them when I reach out with my mind.  With my mind.  My...

 "HEY!"

 The BEAST runs at him...oh shit.  

 "Jason?"

 "Hey dude.  Let's go inside ok?"

 "I can't.  YOU locked me out."

 "No man.  YOU went out and locked the door behind you.  Old habits I guess.  Hey.  Can I hold the knife dude?  It would make me feel better."

 I look at him.  He looks like a demented bunnyman.  A big fucking smile and mad bunnyman eyes.  I pull out the knife and stare at him a moment.  Then I hand it over.  Handle first for safety.

 "Let's get out of here" says Jason looking around.  "We'll be lucky if no one called the cops."

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 Kym has been gone for more than a week and it's like civilization is breaking down.  The place is trashed.  Broken glass, burnt carpet, shattered dishes and piles of garbage everywhere.  Plus his roommate has reverted into some sort of psychotic, primal version of himself.  He consumes any drug in front of him and drinks all day and night.  The place stinks of stale beer from all the empty and broken bottles.  The cocaine gives him energy to push past the bounds of sanity and launches him into full fucking asshole mode.  

 I stopped going out with him.  It always ends badly.  Puking on bars, getting thrown out, all the fighting, running from bouncers and cops and always throwing shit...  

 He's usually cool.  The guy that handles the bills and reminds you to lock the door at night.  So polite and thoughtful. Usually the most level headed and sane one of us all...

 SMASH!

 "Hey!  What the fuck?!  Did you just throw a fucking bottle at me?!"

 And the bastard stands there smiling like a loon and shrugs.

 "Missed the trash Jase.  Hey, you have any more coke?"

 "You fucking stole more than a 8ball!  And you trashed my room doing it!"

 "That was your room?" he asks seriously.

 Jason ponders for a moment.  What if I just lay his ass out?  Just clock him?  Sometimes all a guy needs is a good ass kicking...But he looks so fucking helpless and then there is the whole friendship thing.  Jason sighs and searches his memory for anyone who has valium.  Maybe slip some in his beer...

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 And when Kym left holy shit.  Now that was a fight.  It sounded like they were throwing each other through the walls.  Just beating the living shit out of each other.  But when I looked it was all Kym.  She was swinging one of the kitchen chairs at him while he taunted her.  She smashed the table, the stove and the walls with the heavy wooden chair as he laughed and dodged out of the way.  

 "You're such an asshole!  I fucking HATE you!" she screamed while waving the chair in the air.

 "Fine!  You fucking hate me so much then LEAVE!"  

 "You'd like that so you can go fuck that stupid slut!"

 "What?!  What are you talking about?  You're crazy Kym!  Fucking crazy!"

 "Don't call me CRAZY!" she screamed as she launched herself across the room at him.

 "Crazy!  Crazy!  CRAZY bitch!"

 And with an unearthly scream - she threw the chair at him.  

 Kym's a big girl and can punch like a man.  Jason knows this from getting sucker punched by her at a party.  You have to keep an eye on her when she gets loaded.  So when Kym took a running start and threw the chair, she threw it hard.  Caught off guard, the chair floored him.  Knocked his ass backwards across the kitchen and straight into the open dishwasher.  Plates, bowls and glasses smashed from all the spikes on his leather jacket.  But he popped up quick.  Had a bad look in his eye.  For a second I thought I have to get between these two coked out beasts...but he just glared at her, turned and stomped out the door.  

 She packed her shit and left.

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 The answering machine:

 Thursday. Sept 5, 1996 1:44 am.  
Jase...dude.  Oh man.  I fucked up and (incomprehensible) Melo.  Tell him I'm sorry.  Fuck he's gonna kick my ass isn't he?  Shit I gotta go...

 Thursday. Sept 5, 1996 2:12 am.
If you get this lock the door!  Those Soviet pygmies are following (incomprehensible).  Like the ones by the window?  (Whisper)I'm gonna get a  (incomprehensible)...so FUCK him!  And fuck you too!  I know you're there listening to the fucking robot!  

 Thursday. Sept 5, 1996 3:45 am.
(Kym whispering and slurring)I know you're fucking there listening to this you FUCKING FUCK FUCKER!  Why won't you LOVE me?   Delam barat tang misheh!  My heart HURTS so bad babe!  My fucking heart! I need to- (Smashing glass sound.  Line goes dead.)

 Thursday. Sept 5, 1996 4:17 am.
(Someone playing Alice Cooper's 'Welcome To My Nightmare' until the machine runs out of space.)

 Thursday. Sept 5, 1996 4:46 am.
Kym crying. (Garbled, clicking noises and incomprehensible slurring in two or three languages followed by one, long howling scream.)


*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 Melo helped him up the stairs after he kicked his ass.  Now he's passed out on the ground.  His face is all lumpy.  Melo said he deserved it and I concur.  Fucker trashed my room again.  I have to keep the coke on me until this situation changes.  

 Not good.

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 I wake up sore.  Every muscle feels either trampled, crushed or yanked apart.  OD again?  Beaten?  My body is drugged, limp and shattered.  Groaning I roll over.  My thoughts are carried by ants that slowly creep back into my ears.  They return home carrying my shame.  Black crumbs of misery.  But the last ant sneaks in holding a glowing shard of pure starlight.  Hope.  And I feel ok for a moment.  But then the world heaves up, collapses and crushes me.  The ant smuggling starlight hides inside my heart.  

 I shudder thinking of her screams.  Like vines twisting towards me across the cables and wires.  So very distant and sad.  Love ripped apart by two drug crazed animals and scattered across frozen landscapes like bones.  Blurry memories of fucked up shit I pray is untrue...And then the Mercy.  I pass out again.  

 I wake up on some random fucking day.  

 Daylight filtering through the curtains whispers of a life beyond the windows.  My life neglected.  School, job and friends just slipping away in the passage of time.  And a normal day awaits me.  Normal people doing normal things.  They wake up healthy, go to school or work.  Maybe have a beer at the end of the day with friends.  And they speak of normal things.  No one says anything about the bruises and weeping wounds in the crook of my arms.  They do not ask why my right hand is bigger than the left one...  

Jesus.  New holes in my arms and hand.  A machine gun pattern of lost days.  Abuse and shards of memories.  Bad ones.  More fucking holes.  

So I add AIDs and Hepatitis to my ever growing list of Fears. 

 Far away across the dream, my heart hurts.  The rhythm is off.  Like a jazz drum beat.  When it scatters madly in my chest I know I'm dying.  I have been injecting too much cocaine...Cocaine and heroin.  Speedballs.  That girl with the stupid hat taught me that one.  Autumn?  Our secret.  No Kym.  No Jason.  Just me, Autumn and a new way to get higher than high.   

As I remember her explaining why Jason's coke is good because it actually dissolves, I cringe.  Betrayal?  We weren't fucking but it felt like we were fucking people over.  And I helped her shoot it in her neck...the intensity in her eyes as she watched the mirror.  Her lifeblood filled the rig in two pulsing heartbeats and squirted out the side.    

"Ok.  Don't tell Jase - 'babe'!" she teased me a moment before she made a snorting noise and her eyes rolled back into her skull.

 Jesus.  Injecting coke.  And screaming and laughing while we did it over and over again.  And heroin?  Or was it morphine?  The rush was so sudden and intense...Autumn has to hold me up as I convulsed.  I think she slapped me when I kept blacking out.   

 My ghost is trying to rip free from my body.  I don't blame him.  

 Fuck.  I miss Kym.  Like a blackhole in my Universe sucking my soul through the starlight of her eyes.  My anchor.  Her love kept me here.  Now I'm gone.    

 No dreams.  Nothing but Darkness.  

 And the Darkness comes.

 *~*~*~*~*~*~*

 Fucker has slept in the hall for two solid days.  Today I dragged him out of the bathroom so I wouldn't have to piss over his head.  While I pulled him down the hall he laughed like a madman.  Then he passed out again.  I keep him on his side.

 Fuck him.  Should I stash all my shit at Autumn's place and call an ambulance?  Not sure I trust that chick 100% with my stash.  Shit not even 50%.  

 I don't think he needs an ambulance.  I mean he wakes up long enough to puke and pee.  Usually in the toilet.  Maybe I'll make him some toast.


*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 KNOCK KNOCK.

 I look around.  I seemed to have wormed my way back to the living room.  There is a bottle of water near my face and a plate of toast that has a couple bites in it.  The sun has set somewhere.  Night is returning but something has yanked me back to the Real.  

 I look around confused.  KNOCK KNOCK.

The haze of lost days feels like stones piled over my body.  I push them aside groaning.  I was raised by people who answer doors and telephones.  I grab the door handle and pull myself up.  As I open the door, my heart sighs.  The rhythm is steady and grows stronger.  Life begins anew.

 Behind her, the sun has sunk burning into the sea.  It paints Kym in the twilight patterns of dusk.  A saffron colored floral print sundress hangs off her frame.  She stands motionless in four inch platform heels and her dress ripples in the gentle bay breeze.  A portrait of fashion and beauty with her usual twisted twists.  A spiked dog collar and she shaved her head except for her bangs which sprout pink and orange over the blue eyes that devour me.  Our souls meet in her stare, she studies me for an instant and smiles.  She knows I am still her creature.  She slips into my arms without a word and in that moment, I know love for one thousand years.

 But I am weakly human.  Jealous and petty.  Carrion bird thoughts flutter through my mind.  Should I ask her if she is out of oxycodone?  Or heroin?  Are you strung out Kym?  Did you miss me?  Or did you miss the pleasures of the city?  

 It's me right?  Please...

 I say nothing.  I just hold her.  Inhale her essence.  Her desert blood, the myrrh, the stars screaming across the Night and a life not meant to be lived without her.
 
"I had a fight with my parents" sniffs Kym.  "And my sister.  Brother.  The stupid neighbors and grandpa.  But grandma's cool.  Says Hi."

 "Hello grandma" I smile.  

 "I shaved my head."

 My fingers run through her shaved platinum blond stubble.  The feeling excites me.  Kym changes her appearance often but she is always the most beautiful woman in the crowd.  Like a model or celebrity or some other person way out of my league.  And she breathes with her face nestled in my neck.  Her tense body sighs and melts into mine.  

 This is enough.  Fuck the world.  Let it slip into madness and flames.  Just for her smile, I'd watch everything burn.  

 Yes she knows.  I know.  But I can't help it.  I have to tease her.

 "So...what?  You're here because...?"

 Her eyes roll beneath a tired smile that fought every single person in her world to a standstill.  She looks at me and I grin.

 "Because I forgot my jacket" she says.

 "Oh?"

 "Yeah it's cold at night downtown" she says grabbing my hair and pulling me closer to the lion's den.  "I'm not used to my shaved head.  Babe?  Is it ugly?"

 "No.  You're hair is beautiful" I say as my lips brush against hers.  

 I can hear Jason come out of his room and walk into the hallway.

 "Can I please get my jacket?" she breathes softly into my ear.

 "Yes" I say closing my eyes.  "You'll need it when we go out tonight."

 "Hey!" exclaims Jason.  "You're back!"  

 Kym and I open our eyes, lock for a moment in our private forever...and then we break the spell for the fool.  Jason stands behind us in tighty-whitey underwear and his The Dodger's Suck! t-shirt.

 "Great." says Jason.  "Dishes in the sink bitch."  


http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3lwodj/miss_me/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-22 21:22:50, # COMMENTS: 16, SCORE: 6
TITLE: Cool art from a reader - please send me more!, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3m0mep/cool_art_from_a_reader_please_send_me_more/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-28 14:01:38, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 72
TITLE: This Half Empty Soul of Mine, POST BODY: 9/28/15
Hi! - Check this sub tomorrow because I am going to give you a FREE gift!  What is it Morbo?  Only time will tell!  See you tomorrow...
Love,
M2K

The alarm screams at me from the Darkness.  Alone with the dopesick beast gnawing on my nightmare.  A pale thing with holes and bruises.  Propped up nude, I look like scarecrow corpse with madman eyes.  

And my god follows me.  Every moment of my waking life he whispers:  

"You need me child.  I will give you the pleasures of the Gods.  Walk with the Night.  Know my Love."

The first thing I do every morning is decide whether to shit or puke.  I keep a bucket by the toilet for moments when I can't decide.  One less dose has released the opiate binders in my intestines.  Emptying my guts from both ends always leaves me shaky as I prepare for work.  

Put on the Mask.  Pray the glue in the cracks holds for one more day.

I start the shower.  Purify the filth, cloak the death scent with soap.  Put on a happy face!  Only one bottle of shampoo in the shower.  I smile remembering things like Japanese Oatmeal Facial Scrub or Papaya Restoration Conditioner for Colored Hair...A woman's touch.  

It has been six years since I lived with a woman.

****

They invited 'just a few people' over.  People from Kym's work, some musician friends of Jason.  No big deal.  But people kept knocking.  Tired of opening the door every few minutes, they finally just left it open.  

And they kept coming.  

My brain is needed for this assignment and so why did I take Ari's LSD?  Jesus.  Did I really think it would make things easier?  And there is a storm churning out there...The intensity of merriment is whipping up like a cyclone of beasts.  The humming of drunken voices grows louder.  Last time I went out for a Pepsi and a piss, I watched strangers shuffle in carrying twelve packs of beer.  LSD makes me curious, so I stare.

"Oh hey man" smiles a short skater-looking suburb kid.  "Like uhm, Kym said there's a party here..?"

Behind me is a girl is being held upside down over a keg and sucks beer from the tap.  A crowd counts as her face grows red from gravity.  At 17 seconds, beer foams out her nose and she spews on our carpet.  The crowd cheers.  

I suppose there is a party.  

Back in my room Melo, Dev and three people I have never seen before have infiltrated my academic sanctuary.  The microwave is plugged in on the floor.  A coffee cup whirls within.  

"Hi Lover!" chirps Dev with wide pupils and an extra happy grin.  "We're making microwave crack."

I nod.  

"Hello Dev.  Yes.  That seems like a good idea."

"Dude" nods Melo.

"Hi!  I'm Amy!  We met at Rondo's" says a pleasant looking redhead with a pierced nose.  "This is my boyfriend Jeff and this is Autumn!"

I look at them.  Flannels, boots, piercings.  Autumn wears a black Greek fishermen's cap.  Rustic versions of city kids.  Our Northern cousins.  I go back to my desk.  The LSD is starting to pulse through my core.  Though they sit less than four feet away I have not spoken.  I turn to them.  They all look up at me expectantly.  I struggle for something to say but the moment passes.  
  
I turn back to my book and hear Dev giggle.

Two things became apparent.  First, LSD is not a party drug.  Who are these people?  The one named Autumn seems to know me.  She asks about Jason but I got lost in her t-shirt.  A cow with a cigarette wears sunglasses.  It says, 'Cool as fuck.'  As I ponder this, Autumn pulls her flannel close.  I realize I'm staring at her chest.  

Mayan hieroglyphics spiral down from the ceiling on gossamer threads and it hits me like religion a moment before a violent death.  I am Enlightened.  I am the Chronicler on this night of drunkards and freebasing microwave crack smoking fiends...Then something smashes into the hallway causing peals of familiar laughter.

Oh yeah.  The second thing.  The second truth is Kym is wildly out of control.  

***
At work, no one likes me.  I am cloaked in a Serious Man disguise.  A humorless, office drone.  I will not high five you or accept your celebrity porn.  Years ago they stopped asking me to get drinks, meet their children or hang out after work.  Now they leave me alone.

I survive here by being high.  My 10am oxy and cocaine bullet in the bathroom keeps me even.  Oh and the 3pm one.  Sometimes the emergency 11am one too.  But as I withdrawal, my humorless side becomes palatable.  I fucking hate this place.  I fucking hate these assholes.  My mask slips a lot due to the extreme physical distress of opiate withdrawal.  I catch myself frowning a lot behind the cracks of my Mask.  

I stare at the spreadsheet that shows how to bleed a third world nation we operate a lawless enterprise in.  In column D are human beings far across the sea.  In my withdrawal pain I consign them to flames without further thought.  As cruelly calculated by Accounting, we just saved 1.4%.  

I am one of ten thousand slimy tentacles writhing on a dark beast miles below the Earth's crust.

Time passes slowly here.  I open another spreadsheet and wait to die.  It's almost lunchtime.  But no one will ask me to lunch.

******

When I hear Motley Crue's 'Kickstart My Heart' cranked up ridiculously loud I know Kym found the coke.  This song is a warning.

"Uh oh Kym found the coke" cautions Melo looking up like he can sense a shift in the weather.

Dev rises from the circle of freebasing crack smokers.  Then she points at me and says, "By the pricking of my thumbs!  Something wicked this way comes!"

BOOM! The door explodes open pouring the drunken roar of the party and Motley Crue inside.  Kym puts a finger to her lollipop purple lips and goes, "Shhhh!  He's studying!"  

Then she laughs and stumbles inside.  Her followers peek into the room to see Kym's mysterious boyfriend.  Hunched over a pile of books with my mouth hanging open at Dev, I do not impress.  Kym stands there with one hand on her hip looking at me like I'm boring.    

"Whas the fucks wrong with you?" slurs Kym as more random people pile in like lemmings.  "Frying again?"

I smile.  I can hide tripping sometimes but not now.  Windowpane LSD is like walking around inside a cartoon.  Everyone is staring at me.  I'm an alien.  

Kym grabs my shirt and kisses me deeply fusing my dream world to her sexuality...I hear Dev explaining that we are her TV.  I wonder what that means...Kym slides into my lap.  Study time is over.  Smeared rainbows trail from her silver jewelry as she coke jabbers at me.  Water flows from the walls and stars twinkle in my peripheral vision.  

Tonight she wears black.  Tight black jeans, a Nirvana crop-shirt, black boots and dyed black hair coiled into two horns atop her head...I stare at the madness of her screaming blue eyes as she gossips about Jason.  Then she tilts her head like a bored predator deciding to end it now or have more fun?  She licks her lips and looks at me slyly.

"Do some coke with me babe.  Do it off my neck" she smiles leaning back.  

I inhale her scent and the cocaine.  I lick her skin and drown in the ecstasy of her delights.

****

I'm choking on this damn day.  As I lick an envelope I gag and burp up bile.  Sweating and panting I hold onto my desk and fight the urge.  Calmly, I swallow it,  Not a great start to lunch.  

I crawl into my car.  I have a view of the some trash strewn across a hillside.  I set my phone to wake me in 30 minutes.  The morphine withdrawal makes me pass out almost instantly but I wake up ill.  Groaning, I open my car door and puke.  I open a Sprite, drink half and pour the rest over my puke and pass out again.

When I wake up, I take an oxy.  Sorry taper.   Not sticking with my plan.  But since I'm starved, dehydrated and dying, I get a nice buzz.  I almost feel normal when I walk back in.  The manager that accuses me of stalling projects (100% true) sees me and nods.  I nod back.  Earlier I would have scowled.  Chalk one up for prescription drug abuse.  

I crawl through my day.  The pill buzz is brief.  The last two hours pass like gut wound murder.  But I'm watched.  I work the full 8 hours to justify my keep.  As I leave, no one speaks.

My heart has been beating wrong.  Like a caged fish flopping in my bones.  I gasp, swoon and keep moving.  Outside the sun burns so hot I could just lay down on the asphalt and die.

****

"Kiiickstaaart myyyy heeeaaaaarttt" groans Kym dramatically as the song ends.  Loud bass music begins and the walls vibrate as Kym drops to the floor giggling.

I stand up to get my smokes when she suddenly grabs my leg and pulls me to the floor.  People yank up their drinks and scatter as she roars and tries to pin me.  When she bites my chest I yell and kick over the bong.  She straddles me so I grab the coke, yank her shirt down and do a bump off her chest.  She laughs, grabs my head and sways rhythmically to the Geto Boys.  

She snorts bumps off my stomach and licks me as I stare at the gossamer stalagmites that drip crystal butterflies over me.  Kym's head whips up in a deranged cocaine glow as she howls maniacally.  Her eyes are peeled wide open like twin, exploding stars.  I reach to stroke her face but she jumps up.

"Shots!  Let's do some whiskey shots babe!"

Kym drags me out as more people stumble in to freebase Dev's microwave crack.  Our house is packed.  I feel otherworldly weird weaving through the crowd.  

"Bye-bye Lover!" yells Dev as I trail my love star into the storm.  

I am instantly surrounded by people and every single one of them is smiling.  

****

I spend my days alone.  At work I am surrounded by people I loathe.  I live in a crowded apartment complex with hundreds of people I don't know.  

Driving home, it hits me.  I'm starving.  I pull into a Taco Bell.  The young, black girl that serves me smiles professionally.  Like a lonely freak, I take her smile back to my table to ponder.  So few smiles in my life.  I wonder what it would be like to hold her dark skin in my pale arms?  I actually feel lust.  My penis still works.  
 
I enter traffic and crawl down the El Camino past the stores that all look the same.  So many people here.  All dressed blandly in khaki, casual office wear.  And I look like every other motherfucker.  But appearances can be deceiving.  My track marks, black bags under my eyes and the 1000 yard stare show I am the weakest creature in the herd.  The one that will be picked off first by wolves.  But no one cares.  No one notices.    

If I didn't get haircuts or go to the doctor I could avoid human contact for years in this strip mall town.
 
***

"There he is!" yells Jason who lunges through a throng of people to grab my hand and hug me.  Bear crushing hugs are his specialty and he lifts me off the ground like we haven't seen each other for months.  We actually ate dinner at Tacos El Unico when I dropped the acid.

It is a lovely thing being young and stupid.  There are over a 100 people in a two bedroom flat.  I sense the storm is raging slightly out of control but who cares?  It all swirls together in a melting loop of cartoon madness as I tether my brain to three anchors for sanity.  

My first anchor is Dev.  She tells me everything is alright.  I love Dev and believe anything she says when I'm dosed.  Tonight everything is gonna be alright.

Jason is another one.  He circulates and makes everyone feel awesome.  Three random Mexican guys that can't speak English followed the noise from the street into our house and Jason gave them beer.  That is so Jason.  Plus I bet he dropped at least $200-$300 bucks on the booze and pizzas that keep appearing as the night rolls on.  

My last anchor is Kym.  She is dancing which is witchcraft when you are that beautiful.  Her spell releases people from their lives so they are free.  In my LSD eye I watch her transform them to music.  No sense of self as they descend into her madness and follow the Maenad.  Howling and crazed they move like the world is burning.  Men and women surround her but I barely feel jealousy anymore.  They are part of her world.  Playthings.  She weaves through them laughing.  

Plus Kym publicly claims me with sloppy, overtly sexual displays of affection.  These embarrass the hell out of me but make me realize I am one her anchors.  A tether back to the world that lets her freely turn from flesh to energy without worrying about repercussion.  

She knows I will catch her.

****

End of the day.  My present to myself for going to work is heroin.  A foil bead tribute to the Dragon god.  I need to jump off the smack.  I need to get more pills but they are so light and feathery in their touch.  A flirting sensation that flees quickly from my weary mind...With fire I chase the Dragon across the silvery plain.

As I hold in the smoke I can hear my neighbors.  They exercise after work, eat at meal times and rear two small children.  They have goals and dreams and go places on the weekends.  

Fuck them.

I am alone.  Peanut butter toast is dinner and I'm counting pills for my evening taper.  I put them in a bag and lock the bottle in a safe.  TV bores me.  Too twitchy to read as the Dragon leaves the room.  He is winding through the furniture and slips through the window.  He takes my message to the Flower God.  

I miss you.

*****

Jason has his arm around that girl Autumn.  Kym is messing with the stereo.  Dev materializes in front of me.  She is so tiny.  Without a word she suddenly hugs me fiercely.  I freeze as I am not a hugger.  But I melt into her small embrace.  I can feel her energy and it feels good.  She releases me and smiles.

"For your next life" Dev says as loud jangly guitar sounds fill the room.

Everyone here knows this song.  My roommates play it over and over and it fills them with energy to get crazier and crazier.  With his arm still around Autumn Jason spits beer into the air and drags her into the room while yelling along with the song, "That's the way it GOES!  This city is so COLD!"

And people start howling along and jumping up and down while screaming the chorus, "Baby I'm born to loooose!"  

I can feel the old house shaking under the dreadful stomp of hundreds of boots.  It feels like they could bring it down as they howl and scream along to the song.  And fuck, it's good be alive.

**********

I wake up at my dining room table.  Seven empty beer bottles and half empty pint of Jack Daniels greet me.  I look at the clock.  Only 9:20pm.  Shit.  So many more hours until my alarm.  I feel like I'm gonna be sick so I check what's left in my taper bag.  Empty.  

Gone.  Like me.  I don't feel high.  I just feel like I can puke.  The doctor said I'd die if I keep this up.

I wonder when?
 , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3mqga0/this_half_empty_soul_of_mine/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-29 05:15:10, # COMMENTS: 109, SCORE: 123
TITLE: Tracks: Volume 1 FREE to my friends, POST BODY: Tracks: Volume 1 is done!  Thanks so much for all the love and support and positive vibes.  Reddit is my Muse.  Especially you r/opiates.  

So I want to give you the book.  Hell, it is OUR book.  Your voices are in here too.  

Revamped stories mixed with new stories.

I can make it free 9/29/15 and 9/30/15.  All I ask is you please Review it and share! 

I think some Reddit machines kill Amazon links so please to go my blog and get your Free book.  And THANKS!

morbo2000.com, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3mtf1v/tracks_volume_1_free_to_my_friends/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-09-30 11:19:25, # COMMENTS: 57, SCORE: 27
TITLE: Thanks guys!, POST BODY: 419 people downloaded Tracks: Volume 1 yesterday.  if 1 more person downloaded i would have put that on r/trees.  best thing since nacho flavored corn nuts.

its still free today if you dont have it-Get it!  and if you have it please review it.  Amazon might not let new people review but you can always review on Goodreads or whatever.  but fuck, thank you so much!, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3mze66/thanks_guys/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-05 21:20:23, # COMMENTS: 24, SCORE: 47
TITLE: Michael FUCKING Jordan, POST BODY: Basketball.  

Five men try and get a ball into a cylinder ten feet above the ground.  This is a Mayan blood sport handed down to us from forgotten gods.  Humans work together to jostle, smash and shove their way to the hoop as the opposition tries to incapacitate the holder of the ball.  But like any violent conflict, amazing dramas are played out.  

Since dating Kym, I have watched A LOT of basketball.  The Warriors are her team but Michael Jordan is her hero.  To listen to Kym talk about him you would think he is a god that can walk on air.  And she loudly asserts this during The Game.  

"Damn Payton!  Jordan lit you up like you're standing still son!" taunts the obnoxious girl with braided green hair tied in tight knots against her scalp.  "Fucking peanut-headed motherfucker!"

"Hey Payton's from Oakland" chides Melo.  

Melo loves basketball too.  Kym, Autumn and Melo all used to play basketball in high school.  This game rekindles the aggressive, competitive jock within them.  They actually care who wins.

"East bay!" says Kym grabbing the bong.  She takes a massive rip and hands it to Autumn.  "Oaktown represent!  But you're still going down!"

"How was that not an offensive foul?" complains Autumn cracking her gum.

"Haha!" mocks Kym at the replay which clearly shows Autumn is right but the referees do nothing.  

Autumn stares at Kym through narrow, irked eyes.  She's not used to crazy, coked-out, cartoon-flavored Kym.  This is an acquired taste.  

"Wow that's gonna be a long plane ride home for the LOSERS" smirks Kym as she lights a cigarette.  

"Kym I love your nails" smiles Autumn sweetly as she snaps her gum.  "My grandma likes that color too."

Kym's fingernails and toenails are Chicago Bulls blood red.  Not her usual choice.  Last night when she trailed her hand down my chest I grew fixated on her nails.  They looked so normal sexy.  Like the Playboy magazine women I saw as a kid.  

"Aww thanks" says Kym suddenly lunging her head at Autumn and stopping an inch away from her face.  Autumns stares back amused.  "And I love that flannel Autumn.  Hey!  Do they make those for girls?" 

"Heh heh" chuckles Dev who has been watching Kym and Autumn instead of the game.

"Well I gotta take a shit" announces Jason.

Jason's indifferent to the game and brewing animosity between Autumn and Kym.  He grabs one of Kym's Cosmopolitan magazines off the table.

"Anyone gotta pee?  Trust me..."

Game 6 of the 1996 NBA Finals.  Chicago Bulls vs Seattle SuperSonics.  Earlier we were at the park watching the Beastie Boy's Free Tibet concert.  Kym and Melo insisted leaving after the Red Hot Chili Peppers for The Game.  A lot of beer is going down with bumps of coke.  Kym and I ate some oxy because we ran out of H this morning.  Kym's pretending it's no big deal but I know she can feel it.  I feel it.  That vortex in my center.  The blackhole sucking in the dragon's desire.  So we eat oxy, do bumps and drink.  

Dev and Melo met us at the park during Beck.  Kym had a thermos of coffee.  Dev showed up with hardboiled eggs and I bought a thumbnail of hash from a hippie named Detour.  We ate eggs, sipped coffee and zoned out on the 100,000 people wandering our park.  Then Autumn appeared.  

"Saw your stripes" she said squeezing my arm.  

Kym dyed my hair black with thick, red streaks.  I felt her winding up so I whispered: Jason.  Obviously this is a Jason thing.  Autumn has a bag of croissants from Jason's bakery.  She hands them out but Kym refuses.  Just stares at Autumn who ignores her.  Great.  I smoke hash with Melo and ignore them both.    

Jason starts his shift at 2am.  He works alone and often has friends drop by.  That was me before Kym.  Now his bakery friend is Autumn.  Hanging with Jason while he mixes dough is a drugfest of coke, espresso shots, weed and punk music tapes blasted from a staticky boombox.  No one cares as long as he fills the orders and the first racks are ready by 5am.  

Autumn sits on the couch next to Kym in her black tights, boots, flannel and ugly hat that looks like a crumpled, brown paper bag made of cloth.  Autumn is from Seattle and trash talking with Kym while cracking her gum.  She keeps sucking gum through her teeth making three or four rapid-fire pops.  After an hour of this, I wish she would just smoke cigarettes like the rest of us.

"Oh fuck Jordan!" groans Autumn as she cracks another string of bubbles.  "And Pippen?  Horse faced has-been!  Sonics dominated the last two games.  They got momentum."

"True" agrees Melo.  "Last two games were all Sonics."

"Payton and Kemp are on fire!  This is going 7 games" assures Autumn as we watch highlights from the series backed by NBC's insane, heavy metal music.

"Bitch please" scoffs Kym.  Autumn whips around annoyed but Kym keeps going.  "Jordan's DUE.  This ends tonight.  He's Michael FUCKING Jordan!  Game over!"

"Kemp and Payton-"

"Kemp sucks donkey dick-"

"Hey!" scolds Melo.  "Easy.  I can't hear the game."

Autumn and Kym both glare at Melo for a second, harrumph and lean back into the couch in unison just as Jason comes back from the bathroom rubbing his gut.  He plops back on the couch and lets out a huge bear yawn.  As he stretches, Autumn wraps her arms around his neck, snuggles into his chest, looks up and kisses him.  

Well this is a new thing.  These two have definitely gotten together but the public displays just started.  Kym rolls her eyes.  Dev is no longer paying attention and reading something called Grimoire of Honorius.  Melo stares intently at the TV and shouts at some injustice.  Jason looks happy.  His hand slides down Autumn's back to her hip.  Then he notices Kym.  

"Jesus!  You look like a Baseball Fury."

"Yeah got a bat?" smirks Kym.

"Baseball Furies are silent" chirps Dev from behind her book.

"Oh fuck off Devika!" grins Kym snatching my cigarette a moment before it touches my lips. 

Kym's wearing her red, Michael Jordan jersey.  The iconic #23 mixes curiously with black eyeliner smeared across her eyes.  It looks artsy vicious with the spiked collar around her throat, silver bracelets and green hair.  Kym says Dennis Rodman inspired her look.  Rodman's the guy on the Bulls with rainbow hair.  He's known for being obnoxious and getting under people's skin...yeah.  

Kym jumps up to yell and I watch her bend over in her tiny, ripped jean shorts.  A Misfit patch sewn on her ass stares back at me.  Then she jumps up and down screaming at the referee.  Her clompy, black boots shake the whole house.

"Oh my god he so FUCKING flopped!" she complains.  
  
Cocaine, beer and Kym is loud.  I sigh, light another cigarette and look around.  Only Dev is interesting.  She wears Kym's old black cocktail dress.  On Kym it was short and revealing but on Dev it's a full length black gown that makes her look elegant and grim.  She sits crosslegged in front of three lit candles that surround a jar.  Dangling in the jar is a piece of string tied to a shell.  She senses me and she looks up.  

"What's that?" I ask.

"I'm trying to catch ghosts."

I fake smile and look away.  Yeah that's normal.  On TV, a man named Marv Albert paints a dramatic conflict.  His voice and delivery is infectious.  No wonder my friends sit on the edge of their seats screaming like insane people.  

"Dude" interrupts Jason.

I look at him.  Flour spots cover his Holiday in Cambodia t-shirt.  Jase's raccoon eyes are bloodshot from a long night.  I can smell baked bread and cinnamon as he leans over Autumn to speak.    

"The power bill is off" he says.

I feel one of my eyebrows rising and stop it before Kym notices.  Roommate code.  Come with me and get high.

"Show me" I say getting up.

In Jason's room we can hear the game heating up.  Autumn shrieks victoriously while Kym and Melo groan.  Someone throws something violently against the wall.

"Fucking Kym" says Jason shaking his head.  He pours cocaine into the ceramic mortar and pestle I swiped from lab.  He looks at me.

"Oxy?"

"Yeah" I say fishing some out of my pocket.  Jason crushes them in the bowl.  

"From Autumn" says Jason holding up a dime bag of crumbly, beige powder.  He hands me my bag and I feel JOY.  The Game, the free concert, my life with my friends are all good things but man...I have been dying for this fucking bag.  The weight is pleasing.  Even with Kym, it's two and half days of the perfect life.  

"Powder?" I ask.  

"Seattle China.  It's serious" says Jason adding some to the bowl.  He grinds it in.  "So just a little.  For reals dude.  Warn Kym.  This stuff puts me on my ass."

Jase chops out six lines on his Bark at the Moon CD.  The mix of coke, smack and oxy make it look like dirty coke.  We rail three lines each...and my brain is stabbed with icicles as demons grab my body and chain it to the floor.  My ghost HEAVES and I swoon with the tilting room.  I catch myself before I fall over.  Holy shit Jase was right.  The nod approaches...then the coke marches in.  Mixed with oxy it would have been enough but enter the dragon.  And the dragon ROARS.  My limbs are weighed down by surreal gravity as I slow motion walk back to the couch.  Something happened on TV and Kym is doing a crazy dance.  She leaps over the coffee table and high fives Melo who is pumping his fist and yelling like a madman. 

"You see that shit?!  Rodman with a no look to Michael FUCKING Jordan!" yells Kym.

I make my way to the couch and Kym stops shouting and looks at me.  She instantly perceives I'm wrecked and makes me high five her.  I feel like a fat little kid getting picked on in PE again.  Jason lies at Autumn's feet like a dog.  His bloodshot eyes are glistening slits gazing vacantly at the TV.  Autumn stonily stares at the game with her arms crossed across her flannel.  Her team is losing in the other team's arena.  The crowd screams for blood.   

"Oh hey babe" says Kym chugging her beer and belching loudly in my ear.  "You figure out the-", and she suddenly slams her elbow into my ribs.  "-bills?"

If I hadn't anesthetized myself that would have hurt.  After a slight delay, I gasp.  Ow.  

"Ok, ok" I say sliding her the bag.  "Just a bump.  Tiny one Kym.  It's heavy.  Ok?" I say looking into sea blue eyes.

"Hmm" she says weighing my words and scrutinizing my moronic stupor.  She hands the bag back.  "Then later babe.  I don't wanna miss The Game."

Wow.  Basketball is powerful.  I can't think of anything I'd rather do than heroin.  Little moments of self-control like this are like rays of sunshine.  If Kym can do it for basketball, I can do it for something...right?

And the Bulls just start to beat the hell out of the Sonics.  Autumn watches in disbelief as her home team unravels.  The end is nigh.  And Kym is a gracious victor.

"Yeah!  Told you girl!" she points at Autumn while doing a booty dance across the room.  "But good game.  Do you know what happened Autumn?  Let me explain.  Michael FUCKING Jordan happened!"  

Melo lights a finger fat joint of green bud as the media interviews Michael FUCKING Jordan.  We pass it around and the intensity of our past sins spark up again.  Six beers becomes seven, the cocaine stops numbing our highs and the world crushes in.  Fuck I am starving.

"Let's go eat" I hear myself say softly.  Man I am high.  My meat is on autopilot and it needs food to continue.  Sadly I know if I push the ball forward, gravity will deliver it and I can meekly grab onto Kym and enjoy the ride.

"Hear hear!" agrees Dev slamming her book shut and blowing out the candles.  "It's Sunday.  $6.50 buffet at Sues."

"Oh hell yeah" agrees Kym.  

I love Sues.  An Indian restaurant within walking distance.  Sue treats us like royalty though we stumble in drunk and high like crazed beasts.  Great service.  Within seconds of sitting a basket of fresh naan bread appears with a galaxy of yogurts, chutneys and sauces.  Water and coffee cups for Sue's amazing amphetamine tea.  After gorging yourself on Indian buffet you slip into the Indian food coma.  A dreamy, masala bliss.  You could sit there forever...but Sue runs a restaurant.  So the chai tea she serves is an upper.  I have no idea what's in it but it wakes you the fuck up and you can stumble home, back to school or work.  All for $6.50 plus tip.
          
"Wait what?" yawns Autumn.  Even her yawns ends with a Pop! Crack! of gum.  "I like Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Indian food.  Like fry bread or jerky.  But I don't like that dot-head, curry Thank you very much! - Indian food."

Melo laughs.  Dev looks peeved.  Kym stares at Autumn like dried human shit on the sidewalk.  I grin and look at Jason who is unfazed.  How can Jason let that go?  I'll tell you how.  That pug nosed girl fucks him.  A lot is forgiven when someone touches your penis.

"Jason let's get American food ok?" whines Autumn.  "Like the diner."

Jason nods serenely.  "Yeah ok.  You hungry now?"

"Yes.  I'm gonna use the bathroom and we can go" smiles Autumn.

She disappears down the hall.

"We'll catch up with you guys later" yawns Jason.  "Where are you going tonight?"

"Maybe Slims?  Some of the bands from the Free Tibet thing will be playing."

As we debate where to go, I give Melo hash and coke and he rolls another joint and sticks it in Kym's bong.  We smoke and talk as Kym puts on her Rancid tape.  Then she goes into our bedroom to look at her face which is already perfect but she's a girl.  I know from the bedroom, she will go into the bathroom for the better light and check one last time in the hall mirror.  At every place we visit with a mirror you will find Kym in front of it.  I don't get it but I certainly don't mess with it.  

After awhile Jason yawns.  I'm so hungry I can smell korma and vindaloo in my empty skull.  Dev makes Melo go check on Autumn because she wants to pee before we go.  I hear him knocking on the bathroom door.  Then he comes back.

"Jase.  That girl nodded out on the can."

We all look.  Awkward.  Autumn is slumped over the toilet with her tights around her ankles, head in her lap and both arms dangle to the floor.  Looks like she fixed up, cleaned up, sat for a piss and lights out.  

"Let's shave off one of her eyebrows" smiles Kym maliciously.

"One?" asks Melo.

"Yeah so she has to shave the other one herself."

"Man that's fucked up" says Melo shaking his head.

"I know right?" giggles Kym.

Jason and Dev get her off the toilet.  She woke up for a second and seemed lucid as Dev yanked up her tights.

"I what?"

"You nodded on the toilet" says Dev.

"Oh.  Ok." 

And she was out again.  Jason dumped her on his bed.  I rolled her on her side and Kym steals a piece of gum from her purse.

"Ok Indian" says Jason looking around.

We nod and grab our coats and file out the door.  Though summer is technically here, the nights are still freezing when the bay breeze slips in.  Indian food is perfect.  Heavy, filling and dreamy.   

"I don't like that girl" says Kym popping in the gum and gnashing it.  

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3nnmbi/michael_fucking_jordan/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-13 01:25:38, # COMMENTS: 13, SCORE: 37
TITLE: I Love You, POST BODY: The gods walked down from the stars and were once again welcomed to the planet.  A world thirsty for gods and magic.  But it wont last.  It never does.  Fake gods created by clever humans will conquer spiritual belief.  More often than not, one mans greed will destroy the planet...but seriously, just let it go.  Whether they vote to destroy the world together or one madman decrees this, it still blows up.  Again and again.  

 Usually a cleansing fire washes across the planet.  Then it will reset.  

 And for your kind, there is always room for the Gods.  

You know that feeling you have that there is more to your shitty life?  If you have pushed against the barrier between life and death, you felt the gods.  In their presence, you glimpsed meaning.  You see the gossamer web strands spiraling from your heart to all the people that loved you.  The ones you touched with your Light.  Oh how they loved you.

 New gods, old gods and changed gods.  The excitement of a world born again.  And like commuters sipping morning coffee before another work day, the gods prepare for their shifts.  And so hand in hand, the two binary stars walk from the Darkness back through Aurora's gate to the place they once existed as Lovers.  

 And the world reset.

 Now they are an old couple.  The space between the diner booth is as familiar as the closeness shared in bed.  On walks, her fingers always seek his forearm and trace down to his hand which is inevitably shoved into a coat pocket.  She always squeezes his hand three times: I-LOVE-YOU.  Then they look at each other and smile.  

 The waitress takes their breakfast order and refills their coffees.  Sadie is 19 and to her, this couple is old.  Way older than 30.  Older than 40.  50?  Shit, who knows?  Just old.  But nice.  The tall old guy is always reading.  Books, newspapers, notebooks.  But he's always polite and greets everybody with a smile.  His wife is usually staring at her phone.  She ignores everyone unless she has problem with her order and then we all hear it.  Shes old too but still pretty.  Her hair is always perfect and even though she doesnt wear much makeup, her skin looks good...  

 And the lady looks up from her phone directly at the startled waitress with her wide blue eyes and winks.  Sadie turns away and rushes off to another table.  Well that was weird, she blushes as she approaches a table full of hungry construction workers.

 Oh quit messing with them chides the old man without looking up from his book.  The woman laughs and spoons sugar in her coffee.

 Before the volcanos rose from the sea and called themselves islands, all they knew was their love.  This windswept chain of islands in the Pacific northwest became their domain.  Here, the island forests are full of deer, fern and berries.  Craggy cliff tops above a pounding sea are filled with nesting birds.  Bears, raccoons, cougars and foxes follow the cold, clear creeks that tumble down the mountains to the sea.  They wait for spawning salmon or feast on crabs and shellfish.  And the humans discovered these places too.  The leeward bays became fishing villages.  The streams and rivers became routes of trade.  The life force that draws people here unites the sea and rain giving storm clouds in the sky.  

 Or...the man and the woman.  

 Settlers once worshipped the man as Cloud Eagle.  The warrior of thunder and light.  But they feared the woman.  She was the Drowned Hag.  Her staring blue eyes were unknown among the brown-eyed settlers and they feared her gaze and unpredictable temper.  She dwelled deep in watery caves and walked on the bottom of streams and rivers.  The Drowned Hag's nets dragged death and Darkness into her long, white arms.  
The next people to invade and colonize the islands knew the woman as Dancing Fire.  They worshipped the pale goddess and she taught them sacred dances.  The man was regarded more warily.  The Weeping God was a storm god and the fisherfolk worshipped him out of fear.   

 And Belief changed again and again to suit the needs of the islanders that came in waves.  This never bothered them.  They still gave and gathered their essence to every soul birthed on this rocky archipelago.  

 The man and woman loved the world.  They shared it like todays special at Osprey Bay Cafe.   Steaming, hot coffee, buckwheat pancakes, eggs over easy and elk sausage all for $6.99.  And like many old couples, they enjoy arguing.

 That fucking zit faced turd boy says the woman narrowing her eyes at a gawky teenager in a black t-shirt decorated with skulls, ridiculously baggy pants and a wallet chain, is a thief.  He will steal.

 Yeah, they all do, smiles the man stirring wild honey into his coffee.  Testing his boundaries.  By their own beliefs, he's not evil.

 When Sadie turns her back to ring up the bill, the teen nonchalantly slips a KitKat into his pocket.  Then he pulls out his wallet, pays his tab and leaves a dollar on the table as he walks out.  

 At least he left a tip chuckles the man.

 Hmm, muses the woman dragging her elk sausage through egg yolk before popping it into her mouth, What if I told you I KNOW hes evil?  What if I told you before the new moon he will kill an innocent?

 There is no more evil my love.  They simply dont care.

 So you say, yet a girl will die.  By HIS actions!  His father's lawyer will save him from jail and he will go to a junior college in California.  The girl will sleep beneath our cold earth in a pink casket lined with teddy bears and roses.

 Oh? nods the man without concern.  I suppose that would be a victory for you.  Well, maybe in the old days.

 Trace his thread! demands the woman.  The soul is mine.

 The old man sighs, puts down his book and smiles at his wife.  Even today, her old fierce self burns through.  This woman has never backed down from anything.    

 In the old days you would be right dear.  He kills the girl.  Blood for blood, life for life.  But now we know he drinks the beer for you.  Rebellion.  Like stealing candy.  Seven beers and vodka causes the crash.  The girl dies an innocent.  He drinks because he is young and foolish.  This soul is mine woman.

 The electricity in the cafe flickers as the woman stares malevolently at him.  He drowns in her wide blue eyes.  Helpless, all he can do is grin at her and wait.  Powerless as always in her spell.  After all these years, she is still so fucking beautiful, he muses.  Too beautiful for the likes of him but maybe that is why she puts up with his nonsense.  No matter what happens in their lives, his soul is always a prisoner in her eyes.

 And primal energy streams through each patron as they question their existence.  For an awkward moment, everyone becomes misty eyed and longs for their secret love.  The love that calls to them louder than all other loves.  Some are lucky and have this person in their life but most are not.  They stare at their companions like strangers and question reality for a mad moment...And then the flickering lights stop.  The spell is broken and they go back to their breakfasts.  

 The woman smiles the same smile that has greeted the man at dawn for thousands of years.  

 Times have changed she says.  But someday Empty Wolf, you will know Im right.

 Empty Wolf?, laughs the man, The Eternal Devourer of Men heheh....Why no one has called me that for 6 generations.  And my dear, you are ALWAYS right.

 They dont believe in justice anymore, sighs the woman.

 Well not your justice.  And I agree in principal.  His head should decorate a pole and stare at the sunset until the gulls peck it clean.  But in this age, the little shit wins.  So do I.

 The woman smiles.  The eternal argument.  

 Ok.  Lets go.  Lets get ice cream at Stanleys Sweets and walk to my sea.

 You mean my sea, corrects the man.  Before the last curtain of Darkness, the last folks to come through believed my tears created the sea.  Remember?

 Yeah whatever.  It was mine before yours.  I was the White Seal who brought fishermen safely to shore.

 And the Sea Hag, reminds the man as they walk out into a frozen February.  

 Hand in hand, they approach the lookout.  She eats a double scoop waffle cone with chocolate banana fudge and strawberry.  He eats a peanut butter chocolate chip brownie.  The lookout spans across a bay where whales wander.  The cliffs hunched over the sea were places of worship and sacrifice to the old couple who munched on their sweets and watch seagulls wheel high above the sea.  The kid from the diner sits on a bench staring out over the ocean as well.  Faint traces of marijuana linger in the air from his pipe.

 The teen stares across the water while enjoying his stolen candy bar.  A gull cries out and the teen is confused as the ocean suddenly grows still and flat.  The waves stop.  A wide, green square of ocean lies motionless like an emerald tile before him.  

Whoa, thinks the teen.  Trippy.

 Stoned and silly, he feels Them.  He turns around but no one is there.  Above the smooth, green sea floats a cloud.  Kinda looks like a wolf, thinks the teen as he finishes his KitKat and throws the wrapper into the sea.

http://www.morbo2000.com/, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3ojz82/i_love_you/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-20 10:33:20, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 37
TITLE: The Grown-Up Party, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3pi4ec/the_grownup_party/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-26 22:02:27, # COMMENTS: 26, SCORE: 47
TITLE: To Linger By A Door, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3qddme/to_linger_by_a_door/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-28 14:09:57, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 16
TITLE: Download Tracks: Vol 1 - FREE on Halloween, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3qlkxl/download_tracks_vol_1_free_on_halloween/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-10-31 03:06:43, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 16
TITLE: Free Book &amp; Happy Halloween!, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3qy10s/free_book_happy_halloween/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-03 12:55:57, # COMMENTS: 21, SCORE: 43
TITLE: The Bedroom Days, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3rdyzi/the_bedroom_days/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-11 23:30:11, # COMMENTS: 19, SCORE: 45
TITLE: Half Truths, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3si50h/half_truths/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-17 11:52:42, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 36
TITLE: All Cops Are Bastards, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3t6lwe/all_cops_are_bastards/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-19 22:29:01, # COMMENTS: 13, SCORE: 29
TITLE: The Blue Girl, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3tj187/the_blue_girl/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-24 13:49:30, # COMMENTS: 23, SCORE: 40
TITLE: The Ghost Comes In, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3u4a3n/the_ghost_comes_in/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-26 12:15:56, # COMMENTS: 9, SCORE: 29
TITLE: Happy Turkey, POST BODY: If you nod, bliss out sanely.  

If not, alcohol and TV have allowed families to sit peacefully in the same room for at least a few hours.  

Stay safe.  

-M2K

, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3udgdn/happy_turkey/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-11-30 11:55:46, # COMMENTS: 51, SCORE: 38
TITLE: The Alcoholic White Junkie Kids Upstairs, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3uvo40/the_alcoholic_white_junkie_kids_upstairs/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-12-07 11:49:44, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 24
TITLE: The Witch and the Baker, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3vtd3i/the_witch_and_the_baker/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2015-12-18 11:55:17, # COMMENTS: 19, SCORE: 66
TITLE: Lying to Doctors, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3xdbme/lying_to_doctors/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-01 13:09:04, # COMMENTS: 16, SCORE: 26
TITLE: The Lap Dance Memory, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/3z1n1e/the_lap_dance_memory/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-01 16:55:41, SCORE: 2
BODY: Thank you.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-01 16:56:23, SCORE: 5
BODY: If I live to be 60 that would be amazing. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-01 20:07:36, SCORE: 4
BODY: i am?  

and No.  the name could have been much worse for i am pretty cynical.  also, people always remember it cause its weird.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-03 20:09:39, SCORE: 4
BODY: good job.  btw my favorite pic from this sub is that old one of you looking lost smoking a cig on your stoop.      

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-11 14:17:10, SCORE: 1
BODY: There goes my idol.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-16 20:07:58, SCORE: 61
BODY: Perspective.  Your wife sounds like a normal, loving concerned wife.  In her view, heroin is bad.  Needles are crazy bad.  People like this think the cops and govt are our friends.  She was scared.  People like that rely on family in crisis.  People like that call the cops for help.  

We all know that logic is skewed.  But in her eyes she saved your life.  Her kind don't pass out in cars with needles.  That shit is on Netflix and freaks them out.  

While you just got popped, she forced your hand.  What kind of a life awaits you?   Anyone can be a junkie.  It is a solo pursuit.  It always awaits us.  But if you want more from life like the woman you married, the kid you love and a home life you have to change.  Will you change?   Is being nodded out enough?  I have thought about this many, many times.  I have pushed away a lot to be high.  Being high is awesome.  But is it everything?   Is it your life?    Decisions decisions.  But forgive your wife's fear.  It was not a calculated thing to mess you up.  Unfortunately it was naive concern for your well being.  Good luck. 

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-18 15:14:43, # COMMENTS: 22, SCORE: 42
TITLE: A Tent That Smells Like Piss, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/41l1wk/a_tent_that_smells_like_piss/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-18 19:23:35, SCORE: 1
BODY: Hell I don't get. ...but good to see you again.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-18 19:45:48, SCORE: 3
BODY: you have a good heart.  maybe you can explain.  like i write it and go Whew-I'm done and feel better.  as people start demanding answers, I wonder WTF was i thinking?  a week later, i go JFC i hope $#^@!^ didn't read that drivel.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-18 20:29:19, SCORE: 10
BODY: i dont mean to.  its like a choose your own adventure story.  but in my heart i hope all the alans and trishs i met have happy stories after the rain dries.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-18 21:36:55, SCORE: 3
BODY: well i never really went anywhere.  but i traveled.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-24 10:35:44, SCORE: 3
BODY: I think I wanna do a collection of side stories which would have Dev and Melo stuff.  When I knew her I was too young to care or notice stuff like religious beliefs.  People said shes a witch but if so shes a good witch.  

Thanks for enjoying!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-25 19:03:12, SCORE: 1
BODY: .

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-25 19:08:35, SCORE: 1
BODY: Keep writing when the Muse calls.  Love to read more.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-25 22:54:31, SCORE: 2
BODY: Never sure but humanity first.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-26 19:27:39, SCORE: 17
BODY: Your blood is angry.  Go see doc ASAP

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 11:32:39, # COMMENTS: 27, SCORE: 42
TITLE: Waiting for Pills, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/439trl/waiting_for_pills/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 12:39:11, SCORE: 6
BODY: Wow thanks.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 15:58:34, SCORE: 4
BODY: i feel you man.  thats why i write.  if i could paint or play an instrument i would do that but i cant.  and if i dont do something i'll go crazy.  feel better.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 16:20:00, SCORE: 5
BODY: Totally.  I used hear voices animal sounds and watch shadows.  But I used to do a ton of acid too. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 17:45:34, SCORE: 5
BODY: thanks!  much like how many of my peers are gun owners or pot smokers, i am surprised how many lotus eaters there are these days.  from all walks of life.  many of them in complete denial because their dope comes from Kaiser.     

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 19:03:03, SCORE: 7
BODY: Well my name is not really Morbo2000.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-29 19:03:57, SCORE: 4
BODY: And I hope you remain that way my friend. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-30 09:53:02, SCORE: 1
BODY: I love you too but never in 10,000 years will I ever remember your username.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-01-31 10:23:10, SCORE: 1
BODY: Heh.  Lovely.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-05 11:54:23, # COMMENTS: 8, SCORE: 20
TITLE: Cocaine Shadows, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/44byaa/cocaine_shadows/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-06 19:28:23, # COMMENTS: 25, SCORE: 78
TITLE: ode to a turtle, POST BODY: please forgive this post.  it's not very good but my heart is heavy.  when i started writing silly stories, he was very kind to me.  i hope this doesn't come off as trite or stupid.  i mean well.  this is a very sad sub to be in.  this one hurt a lot.

RIP /u/yeaheroin
.

Yet another day passes, spinning.

So much slips through our grasp.  Too much to ever understand.

We never see much past the shells we lurk in.

But Light graces us all.

My friend.

All your words, all your smiles and all your love are tiny terrapins swimming gracefully, marching steadily and forever protected in their colorful shells.

Grinning turtles to dream your silly dreams forever.

And now you are gone.  

But the march of turtles across the sky is eternal.  They live in your loved ones hearts, they swim through the hearts of your friends.  

Never forgotten.

Aloha Oe, PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/44j9xm/ode_to_a_turtle/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-16 11:35:47, # COMMENTS: 28, SCORE: 70
TITLE: Business Trip Junkie, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/463jzs/business_trip_junkie/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-29 19:34:11, SCORE: 2
BODY: I've noticed I never get sick when abusing opiates.  But come quitting time I get colds.   Could be you never feel that bad when your high and your body just deals.  Then when you quit your hyper sensitivity makes it noticeable.    Shit I'll find out in s couple days....but elevated blood pressure and feeling like shit is the price you pay for coasting through life numb.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-29 22:47:45, SCORE: 3
BODY: Everyone's on dope. They forget shit.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-02-29 23:15:04, SCORE: 3
BODY: I am gonna congratulate you because quitting for 4 days is tough which is like the minimal to kick the physical craving.  A week is awesome.  2 weeks?   You totally got this.  Good job!   It must be nice being back on Earth.  I plan to join you soon.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-03 13:18:29, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 47
TITLE: The Sponsor, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/48tie4/the_sponsor/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-03 16:29:26, SCORE: 5
BODY: Thanks and that's what's taking so long.  I'm editing one called Stories From the Moth People.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-03 18:14:44, SCORE: 2
BODY: Thanks!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-04 08:40:52, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thanks.  I wrote while going through some WDs so o can't tell if it works or not.  My window of concentration is tiny and blurry.  Glad pet like it.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-04 08:43:46, SCORE: 2
BODY: I totally threw that in because the WDs are killing me and I wanted an ending.  You can find her In past stories. I think a tent that smells like piss is the last one. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-04 17:29:12, SCORE: 1
BODY: my grandma used to grow poppies at her lake cabin.  minimal work.  they died in the winter when we'd go deer hunting and pop up in the spring just in time for fishing.  i just thought they were pretty flowers.   makes me wonder about all that homemade wine my aunts, uncles and grandparents were always enjoying.  by the time i was old enough to drink and asked they just laughed and said it's old people medicine.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-04 18:23:33, SCORE: 1
BODY: She was a merry old soul.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-08 08:52:28, SCORE: 2
BODY: Dope sick kitchen work sucks.  Never did fryers but standing between dishwashers that spin in opposite directions as you dump food into compactors and separate dishes is hell.  The steam alone...but when you puke in the compactor no one blinks.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-08 09:31:34, SCORE: 29
BODY: You know there's all these rocks that stick out of the grass.  I smoke and watch the geckos fight over who gets to be on top.  Whoever makes it lets only certain geckos hang out.  They're like tribes or some shit. Anyways there's all these rocks all these geckos and they're always pissed off about something.  But the sky is blue.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-09 18:28:41, SCORE: 1
BODY: You don't find meaning in the fact you lost everything but the pill?

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-10 16:07:47, SCORE: 4
BODY: No shit.  Before the fake pill mills.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-13 12:07:17, SCORE: 5
BODY: That ones not as good as Curious George and the Electric Fence. 

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-14 13:43:41, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 59
TITLE: Sober Face, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4aefov/sober_face/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-17 18:42:04, SCORE: 35
BODY: .

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-29 18:58:42, SCORE: 1
BODY: Well then I'm fucked.   But YES it does get better though I stare hard at Kaiser every time I drive by...

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-03-30 17:13:13, # COMMENTS: 7, SCORE: 32
TITLE: The Girl Who Secretly Hates Scarves, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4cn3te/the_girl_who_secretly_hates_scarves/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-04-07 13:45:13, # COMMENTS: 34, SCORE: 58
TITLE: These Seeds Grow From Hell, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4dshwc/these_seeds_grow_from_hell/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-04-13 12:20:36, # COMMENTS: 27, SCORE: 61
TITLE: Liars On Dope, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4emll9/liars_on_dope/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-04-25 15:34:05, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 37
TITLE: Why I Wear Pink Socks, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4gfagd/why_i_wear_pink_socks/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-05-03 15:50:35, # COMMENTS: 12, SCORE: 52
TITLE: Maybe I Can Control It, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4hq81x/maybe_i_can_control_it/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-05-16 15:46:58, # COMMENTS: 25, SCORE: 43
TITLE: How I Killed My Father, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4jn82t/how_i_killed_my_father/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-05-27 13:43:44, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 40
TITLE: Mentally Ill, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4lc6td/mentally_ill/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-02 14:54:28, # COMMENTS: 22, SCORE: 47
TITLE: Just Another Day, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4m91n3/just_another_day/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-02 17:48:08, SCORE: 4
BODY: i'm almost done with Stories From the Moth People.  this book has more dev and melo stuff rather than Tracks 2 stuff.  but i did add a Prelude to Tracks 2 because i get asked a lot about it. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-02 19:04:14, SCORE: 1
BODY: So sorry for you.   


.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-03 08:33:50, SCORE: 1
BODY: Not yet.  Its still in me head.  I just included a bonus story in my next book that is a prelude to the Tracks 2 storyline.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-06 10:31:45, SCORE: 1
BODY: hey thanks a lot.  i love getting these.  i like when people clean up but come back and read.  i think i am trying to trade opiate addiction for writing.  when it works it works great. take care.

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-08 19:05:16, # COMMENTS: 31, SCORE: 50
TITLE: Get Morbo2000's new book FREE!, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4n87ek/get_morbo2000s_new_book_free/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-08 20:57:11, SCORE: 3
BODY: Thanks a lot!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-09 08:41:54, SCORE: 2
BODY: It's totally different.  I end up rewriting everything and there are new stories as well.  That's why I like feedback on my blog or Reddit from you guys.  That's what takes so long.  The rewrites and editing.  I try to paint a bigger picture.   I hope you like it.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-09 08:46:15, SCORE: 2
BODY: I quit oxy half way through the process.  So you get me high, in WDs, drunk and depressed.  I also moved, quit my job and in the process of moving again.  It's pretty chaotic.  I like the effect on my writing.  

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-09 16:00:53, SCORE: 1
BODY: Thanks a lot!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-10 18:27:06, SCORE: 1
BODY: I think I need a literary agent to go that route.  If you know one Hook a brother up!

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-10 18:28:06, SCORE: 5
BODY: .

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-11 09:37:51, SCORE: 3
BODY: Nope. I'll die with a beer in my hand.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-13 02:01:02, # COMMENTS: 15, SCORE: 30
TITLE: Free! Download Morbo2000's new book- Stories From the Moth People -JUNE 13TH ONLY!, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4nui58/free_download_morbo2000s_new_book_stories_from/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-13 08:46:50, SCORE: 5
BODY: Note: International users have to go to their own country's Amazon page to download for free.  Like if you're Canadian go to https://www.amazon.ca/.  If from UK go to 
https://www.amazon.co.uk/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-16 15:29:24, # COMMENTS: 6, SCORE: 31
TITLE: The Owl and the Hippie, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4ofhf0/the_owl_and_the_hippie/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-16 19:53:11, SCORE: 3
BODY: people send me recommendations.  i ignore most of them because i'm not much of a reader but i enjoyed the poetry.  it has definitely influenced me.

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-16 19:54:29, SCORE: 5
BODY: yup.  and psychedelics are fun if you have the right mindset.

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-23 15:20:22, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 51
TITLE: The Marketing Scum Relapse, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4piu2r/the_marketing_scum_relapse/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-24 08:59:03, SCORE: 5
BODY: 13 and 23 follow me through life.  But in good ways. 

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-06-24 09:00:02, SCORE: 3
BODY: Hey thanks a lot!

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2016-08-04 12:42:14, # COMMENTS: 11, SCORE: 30
TITLE: Group Therapy Girl ~~~~!Also get a FREE book!, POST BODY: , PERMALINK: /r/opiates/comments/4w5rdd/group_therapy_girl_also_get_a_free_book/

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiatesrecovery, TIME: 2016-11-05 20:20:55, # COMMENTS: 10, SCORE: 18
TITLE: resistance is futile?, POST BODY: i've been clean for 6 months.  before that i did anywhere between 50-90mg of oxy.  all prescribed legally.  i have a bad knee that MRI and x-rays verify as fckd up.  but i totally milked it.  plus my surgeon and dr never conferred.  i had long term prescriptions from both.  when i quit, i actually had to tell them STOP.  

i'm married, have a family and ridiculous amounts of responsibility.  but i seem to function OK high.  did some real estate transactions that actually paid off and we are comfortable though i'm unemployed.  it's funny cause when i'm high, i work like a dog.  when sober, i surf.  

the only reason i quit was because of my wife.  she's well aware of my opiate tastes.  i kept the double prescriptions secret but she knew i was way higher than prescribed.  she vibed me so hard and i love her so much that i just said Fuck it.  cold turkey.  and it was just as disgusting and as horrible as you imagine.  

in my 20's i was a heroin addict.  after that it was mostly pills.  i think i have kicked 9 times.  withdrawal is terrible.  kicking is horrible.  alienating your loved ones is just wrong.  yet i think about being high every goddamn day.  these days i eat healthy, exercise and have mental clarity.  i no longer shit like a seagull.  i am free.  but It's always there. 

today we went to a museum.  at lunch we got some street vendor food looked for a shady place to sit.  the benches under trees had grimey people slumped over staring at the ground or passed out.  the wife and i exchanged glances.  we both saw heroin nods.  H is a problem here.  one of our kids asked Why are they like that?  wife says Because they're assholes sweetie.  so we walk on.  but all i'm thinking about is mexican tar.  where?  how much?  worth smoking?  i got this metal pen i could use as a straw...

does it ever end?  i've quit heroin 4 times.  each after an OD.  then i quit cause cause i switched to oxy.  the healthy choice...(sarcasm).  then i grew poppies, smoked opium, drank pod tea.  i milked a knee injury to amazing pharmaceutical lengths.  pretty sure i won't IV heroin anymore but prescriptions...?  like i thumped my ankle surfing.  board whacked me.  huge nasty bruise but no broken bones.  i think i could get vicodin.  kinda meh, but i'd CWE it all.  and then i'd want MORE.  

does it ever end?     , PERMALINK: /r/OpiatesRecovery/comments/5bddoj/resistance_is_futile/

COMMENT:
SUBREDDIT: opiates, TIME: 2017-03-07 11:08:37, SCORE: 2
BODY: Thanks man.  Still clean and I started writing again.  Just not about Her.  

POST:
SUBREDDIT: opiatesrecovery, TIME: 2020-12-25 09:47:21, # COMMENTS: 6, SCORE: 12
TITLE: Mahalo, POST BODY: From Thanksgiving to Christmas is the hardest time of the year for me.  Being forced to socialize, trying to look happy while wallowing in the winter blues.  But I made it.  I read your posts and no longer feel abandoned to the void.  3 years sober.  Life has never been better.   But recovery takes time so be kind to yourself.  Love yourself.  It gets better.  I promise., PERMALINK: /r/OpiatesRecovery/comments/kk108p/mahalo/

